Victoire looked around the crowded train station and tightened her grip around her bags. Behind her, Harry and Ginny were saying their goodbyes to James. It was his first year at Hogwarts, and he looked a bit nervous to be leaving home for the first time. Victoire stepped aside to give them their privacy. She sighed, wishing Teddy were there, but he was busy being a grown up. He was currently at the Ministry of Magic in the midst of his Auror training. Teddy had been doing extremely well in his training, according to Harry. He'd passed the Concealment and Disguise portion of his training easily due to his handy little metamorphmagus abilities.

Victoire smiled, remembering the summer she'd spent with Teddy.

Victoire rolled over and grinned. Teddy was fast asleep beside her. His dark purple hair was slowly shifting to blue. She giggled and pressed her lips against his.

"Good morning," Teddy replied with a yawn.

"Your hair's blue," Victoire told him with a small laugh.

Teddy cracked a small smile. "Is it sexy?"

Victoire kissed him. "Actually, it is."

"Really?" Teddy raised his eyebrows. "Blue hair turns you on?"

"No, you turn me on," she replied, trailing her lips down to his neck.

"Damn it, Weasley," Teddy moaned. "You're killing me."

Victoire grinned. "How much time before you have to go to work?" she asked.

Teddy checked his watch. "I've got some time."

"Excellent," she murmured before bringing her lips to his.

Victoire and Teddy had spent most of the summer playing house. On the first day of summer, Victoire had helped Teddy and Finn move in to Number 4 Grimmauld Place. Victoire had to admit the manor looked gorgeous with the renovations Andromeda and Ginny did.

She spent most nights there. Her parents thought that she was either spending most of her nights sleeping over at Sienna's or Grace's houses. Finn and Luke were still at Quidditch camp, so Victoire had hardly seen either of them since school ended. Skylar still hadn't returned from Madrid, but they'd been writing to each other all summer. It sounded like Skylar was loving Spain. Sienna spent most of her day in the studio with the band, and she'd kept herself busy writing songs and searching for a new apartment for herself. Victoire and Teddy occasionally popped into the studio to see Sienna and hear some of the new songs she'd written. Grace and Henry's new little sister had been born over the summer, and they had gone to see Heidi and the baby at the hospital. According to Grace, the baby looked exactly like Heidi. It looked nothing like a Rhodes. Since the hospital visit, Grace hadn't gone to see her dad or her new little sister again. Mrs. Rhodes—now officially Ms. Miller—had taken Grace and Henry on a vacation to France because they were both having such a hard time with the new baby. The trip hadn't done much to lift Grace's spirits. She returned angrier than ever with her father.

Victoire opened Teddy's drawers and peered inside. After a moment, she pulled out a pair of her shorts and a clean shirt. Teddy watched her with a smile on his face. "You might as well move in, you know," he told her as he pulled on his ministry robes.

Victoire glanced at him. "Why's that?"

"Because there's more of your crap in this house than mine," he replied.

Victoire looked around. He wasn't lying. Half his closet was full of her dresses and sandals. She had two of her own drawers in his room. His bathroom contained her own toothbrush and even shampoo and conditioner. Even the living room was strewn with her books and belongings. She blushed. "Sorry about that."

"Don't apologize," Teddy murmured as he wrapped his arms around her. "I like playing house with you. It gives us practice for when we're married."

Victoire blushed. "Don't be ridiculous."

"What?"

"You're embarrassing me!"

Teddy laughed. "Because I think about marrying you one day?"

"Teddy, stop it! We're too young to be thinking about that."

He kissed her. "Alright. Alright."

Victoire pulled him back and kissed him deeply. "Are you sure you have to go to work today?" she asked breathlessly.

"Unfortunately," he muttered, staring at her longingly.

Victoire sighed and pulled away from him.

"What are your plans for today?" he asked her.

Victoire shrugged. "The usual. Gracie and I are going to bring Sienna and the band some lunch. They're showing us a new song today! Can you make it to the studio during your lunch break?" she asked hopefully.

Teddy sighed and shook his head. "I'm doing lunch with Harry and Ron today."

Victoire pouted. "But it's my last day before I leave for Hogwarts!"

"And I will meet you tonight at the party as soon as I get off work," Teddy promised her.

Victoire grimaced. "It's the last party of the summer. I'm gonna try to convince Gracie to go. She's been so weird and distant lately."

"Well, her dad had a baby with another woman this summer. I can't imagine she's thrilled."

"Good point," Victoire sighed. She stood up on her tiptoes and kissed him. "Have a good day at work."

"Thanks, babe."

"VICTOIRE WEASLEY!" Skylar shouted across the train station. She had climbed on top of her luggage and was waving her hands over her head to get Victoire's attention.

"SKYLAR!" Victoire squealed, sprinting toward her best friend.

The two girls embraced tightly, Victoire dropping her bags with a thud beside her.

"Where's Gracie?" Skylar asked eagerly, looking around.

Victoire took in Skylar's appearance. She looked tanner than usual and her hair was much longer than it was a few months ago. "Skye, you look great," Victoire said, amazed.

"Thanks," Skylar replied, beaming. "So, do you!"

"How was Madrid?" Victoire asked. "I wanna hear everything!"

Skylar smiled, thinking of her summer wearing designer gowns and strutting down runways. She'd met so many famous designers and models. Her dad had even made it out to one of her runway shows.

"Were there any cute Spanish boys?" Victoire asked slyly.

Skylar laughed. "Well, there were plenty of them."

"Anybody special?" she asked. "Did you meet your dream Italian man?"

Skylar gave her a small smile. "No Italians," she replied with a light laugh.

Victoire was about to ask for more details, but then she spotted Grace and waved her over. Skylar turned around and smiled at her small friend.

There had been somebody special, though he hadn't been Italian.

Alexander didn't look like the usual boys Skylar dated. Alexander…he looked like a man. He had a scruffy beard and muscular arms that Skylar always found herself staring at. She had met him in a small bar in Spain. Some of the models had taken her there after the show. They were seated in a booth in a dark corner. Several Spanish blokes had gathered around them like lovesick puppies. At the beginning of the summer, Skylar had been quite taken with the blokes from Spain. They were all handsome and had cute accents when they attempted to speak English; however, as the summer progressed, Skylar had quickly grown bored of all the boys fawning over her. They were all the same.

The other models loved the attention all the guys were giving them. Skylar, on the other hand, remained unimpressed. She excused herself and made her way to the bar.

"Algo para beber, senorita?" the bartender asked her politely.

Skylar sighed and thought about it. "You got any English brandy?"

"Godric, you are so British." Alexander was looking at her, shaking his head disapprovingly.

"And so are you," Skylar said, noting his perfect English. "And a wizard!"

Alexander turned to the bartender and said something in rapid Spanish. The bartender laughed and nodded before pouring a drink for Skylar.

"What is this?" Skylar asked, her eyebrows raised.

"Try it," Alexander advised. "It's on me."

Hesitating, Skylar peered down at the shot glass. She picked it up and gulped down the drink. Finn would've been proud. Skylar shuddered as the alcohol burned down her throat.

"I swear, the alcohol here is stronger than in Britain."

Alexander smiled. "So, what is a British witch doing in a muggle bar in Spain?"

Skylar motioned to her friends in the booth surrounded by all their admirers. "We just had a show. This bar was recommended to us." She narrowed her eyes at him. "And what are you doing here?"

Alexander shrugged. "Traveling. You're only young once, right?"

"Right."

"So, why aren't you sitting with all your friends. You lot seem to have a lot of admirers." He chuckled at all the blokes giving Skylar googly eyes.

"You're going to laugh," Skylar said, blushing. "I'm homesick. I miss British food and having everybody understand what I'm saying when I speak English. And you know, the milk here comes in really odd packaging."

Alexander burst into laughter. "The milk?"

Skylar shrugged. "It's the little things that get to you."

"When are you heading back to Britain?" he asked.

"End of the summer," she replied.

"Me too. Hopefully." He clapped his hands together. "I've got a job interview."

"Job interview? Sounds super grown up and serious."

"Well, according to my parents, it's about time I got super grown up and serious." Alexander shrugged. "I don't mind, though. I've had my fun traveling and learning." He gazed at her before sticking out his hand. "I'm Alexander, by the way."

"Skylar," Skylar replied, shaking his hand. "Skylar Grey."

"So, Skylar Grey," Alexander said. "Can I buy you a drink?"

Skylar hesitated. "Okay. But only because I miss being able to carry on a conversation in English with somebody."

Not ten minutes later did Skylar find herself fiercely snogging Alexander in the bathroom.

"I didn't meet a cute Italian boy," Skylar replied finally. "I met somebody better."

"Yeah?" Grace said, exchanging a smirk with Victoire. "And did you break the poor bloke's heart?"

Skylar considered it. She and Alexander had spent the entire summer together. She'd never met anybody quite like him. He was more mature than any of the guys at Hogwarts. He was well-read and well-travelled. He knew what was going on in the world and he was unbelievably smart. Everyday he'd take her to some exotic place in Spain, whether it was a beautiful muggle vineyard or an ancient wizarding location. He'd take her to the most amazing bars and clubs, and she'd met the most fascinating people with him. He'd even introduced her to his mentor, an aging British man who was a brilliant researcher on the dark arts and defenses against it. At first, Skylar had been embarrassed to invite Alexander to one of her runway shows. She thought her modeling was trivial compared to all the research and work he was doing. But Alexander loved coming to her shows and cheering her on backstage. After every show, he'd take her to a new restaurant and rave about how much prettier she was than the other models. Skylar loved being with Alexander. Everyday was like an adventure with him.

She hadn't intended on falling for anybody that summer. At the beginning of the summer, she'd been doing a lot of heartbreaking. It was a different bloke every night and different clubs and bars every night. Alexander had gotten under her skin, though. He wasn't the typical bloke, following her around and drooling over her. He fascinated her.

Not to mention, Alexander was quite experienced in other departments as well. Skylar had never met somebody who kissed quite as well as him. Every time he kissed her or even touched her, she got tiny shivers going up her spine.

It was hard to leave him. She never even said goodbye. They both knew it was just a summer fling and neither talked about the future or leaving. Skylar never told him on which day she was going to be sent back home. She'd woken up the day before in her hotel room, lying beside him. Skylar had snuck out with all her belongings and left Spain without looking bad. Saying goodbye to him would've been too hard, and she hated to admit that. She had to keep reminding herself that he was just a summer fling. He didn't mean anything.

Standing beside Victoire and Grace made it easier. The summer had felt like a wonderful dream. But just that: a dream. Going back to school with her two best friends was real life, and it sounded pretty damn good to her.

"So, are you over the modeling thing yet?" Grace asked as they climbed onto the train.

Skylar looked at Grace and smiled. "Gracie, I'm just beginning." She beamed at her friends. "The designers really seemed to like me and my look. I've even been signed by an agency!"

"Wow," Victoire said, looking impressed. "You really are serious about this, aren't you?"

"Vic!" James opened the door to his compartment. He waved to her eagerly. "Can you believe it?"

Fred grinned. "We're finally going to Hogwarts!"

Victoire smiled at them, remembering her own excitement five years ago. "You guys already made friends?" she asked, raising her eyebrows at the gang of eleven-year-old blokes gathered in the compartment.

James glanced back. "Oh, yeah. We were talking about which house we wanted to get sorted into."

Fred nodded. "I think I'd jump off the Astronomy Tower if I got sorted into Slytherin."

"Good call," Skylar said, nodding.

Victoire hit her arm. "Skylar!" she hissed.

Grace looked at Fred and James. She was so short that the two first years were already nearly her height. "Slytherin's not that bad. You're biased because you're Weasleys."

James looked at Victoire. "Teddy says that if I get sorted into Gryffindor, he'd never speak to me again." There was a hint of fear in his voice.

"Teddy's an idiot," Victoire told him with a small laugh. It was almost painful to hear Teddy's name. She'd spent every single day with him that summer. It was going to be miserable without seeing him everyday.

"We should get going," Grace said, gesturing to the crowded aisles. "I don't want to get a shitty compartment."

Skylar looked at Grace, her eyebrows furrowed together. "Gracie, are you okay? You seem a little more depressing than usual."

Grace looked at her, her dark green eyes piercing through Skylar's dark brown ones. "I'm fine," she finally said simply before turning around and heading down the aisle.

Victoire and Skylar exchanged looks. "I'll see you lot at the Sorting Ceremony!" Victoire said cheerfully to her two younger cousins before following Grace and Skylar down the narrow aisle.

"There's an empty compartment here," Grace said, stepping inside. She forced her trunk into the overhead compartment before plopping down in the seat by the window. Skylar and Victoire followed in her lead without saying anything.

Grace stared out the window miserably. It was crazy to think that a year ago, she'd been sitting in a much more crowded compartment with Skylar and Victoire. At the time, Teddy and Skylar had been dating. Grace still couldn't believe that had happened. Finn and Sienna were still friends with benefits, although neither benefited emotionally from that situation. Grace had still been furious with Victoire and had refused to speak to her most of the train ride. Collin had been trying to win her back. Luke and her still hadn't made anything official, which sucked. She remembered spending most of the train ride buried in her book while Teddy grumbled about Luke and Victoire. Meanwhile, Finn and all his burly seventh year friends made a lot of noise. It was amazing how much had changed over the course of one year.

"So," Skylar said cheerfully, "what did I miss this summer?"

Victoire sighed and thought about it. "Sienna's album is nearly finished and it sounds great! She's still living with her parents though, which is driving her mental I think. She's been looking at a few apartments for herself. Teddy's training is going really well. Oh, and Finn and Luke got signed to a team!"

"No way!" Skylar gasped. "I can't believe I didn't know that!"

"It's supposed to be a secret until the Chudley Cannons release a statement with the names of all their new recruits."

"They got signed to the Chudley Cannons?" Skylar yelped. "That's an actual team!"

"Uncle Ron was over the moon," Victoire said with a laugh. "I reckon he's expecting free tickets to every game."

Skylar looked at Grace. "Are you proud of your boyfriend?" she teased.

Grace blinked. "He's not my boyfriend anymore."

Victoire froze. "Wait—what?"

"Luke and I broke up," Grace replied.

Grace checked her watch and looked around impatiently.

"Would you like to order yet, miss?" The waiter was watching her with a pitying expression.

Grace sighed. "No, I'll wait another five minutes for him." She gestured to her empty glass. "Just another butterbeer, please."

"Right away."

Grace looked around the restaurant one more time.

"Gracie!" Luke took the seat across from her. "I'm so sorry I'm late!"

"Forty-five minutes late," Grace told him, shaking her head. "This is the fourth time this has happened."

"I know. I know. I'm so sorry. It's just…Finn and I had to stay later than usual today." Luke gave her a nervous, apologetic smile.

Grace peered down at her menu. "Luke, I've barely seen you this summer. The only time we get to spend together is at these stupid lunches and you can't be bothered to show up on time."

"Gracie, I'm so sorry," he apologized. "I'm trying my best, really. It's just…we only get every other Sunday off to go home."

"And it's Sunday!" Grace exclaimed. "Why weren't you here?"

Luke sighed. "Finn and I got signed today."

Grace's eyes widened. "What?"

"The Chudley Cannons…they really like me and Finn together. They think we make a good team."

"Wow…congratulations," Grace said. She looked stunned. "Does this mean you don't have to go to camp anymore…if you've already been signed?"

Luke hesitated. "Actually, now me and Finn are going to be training with the Chudley Cannons. It's more intense than ever."

Grace sighed. "Which means you're still going to be gone all the time."

"Grace—"

She took a deep breath. "This isn't working, is it?"

Luke shook his head. "I barely get to see you."

"And it's only going to get worse when I head off to Hogwarts," she added. "If long distance isn't working for us now…I don't think it's going to work in the future either…"

Luke stared at her. "I really wanted it to work…"

Grace felt a lump in her throat. "Me too…but it's too painful. I miss you so much and it hurts being away from you."

He nodded. "I know the feeling."

The two of them sat in silence for a moment, letting the moment sink in.

"It was nobody's fault," Grace said sadly. "It was just too hard to make it work long distance."

"Gracie, I'm so sorry," Victoire said softly. "But if Teddy and I can make it work, then you and Luke can too."

"We tried," Grace said, her eyes watering. "Our relationship just wasn't strong enough."

There was a knock on the door. Danielle peered inside and smiled. "Hey, guys! I just came by to say hi."

"Dani!" Skylar shrieked, throwing her arms around Danielle.

"It's good to see you too," Danielle said with a small smile. "How are you lot doing?"

"Not too great," Victoire told her. "We miss our friends."

Danielle nodded. "I know. It's going to be weird without those two idiots annoying me year round."

"You're talking about Teddy and Finn?" Grace asked with a light laugh.

Danielle nodded. "And it's going to be even harder without Chris. I always hoped he'd find his way back to me."

Victoire's easy smile faded away instantly. "Yeah, me too."

"But life goes on right," Danielle said, forcing a smile. "Chris would've wanted us to carry on, to keep going."

"Yeah, he would've," Victoire said softly.





Come Back Be Here


And this is when the feeling sinks in,

I don't wanna miss you like this,

Come back... be here, come back... be here.

-Taylor Swift



* * *



Teddy knocked on the large double doors and a plump woman opened the door and looked him over suspiciously. "Can I help you?"

"Hi-ya," Teddy said cheerfully. "Is Sienna home? I'm a friend of hers."

The woman nodded and stepped aside. "Ms. Ellis is in the living room." She started to show him where the living room was but Teddy stopped her.

"I know where it is," he told her. "Thanks."

"Teddy!" Clark Ellis stepped into the foyer. "I wondered who was at the door." He glanced at the maid. "Delia, have you buffed my shoes yet?"

"Yes, sir. I'll go get them." Delia nodded politely at him before scurrying to go do her chores.

"Hello, sir," Teddy said politely, shaking the man's hand. "I just dropped by to see if I could convince your lovely daughter to join me for dinner."

Clark chuckled. "Well, maybe you'll be able to tear her away from that ruddy piano."

Teddy smiled. "I'll try my best."

Clark nodded. "Oh, and I heard Findley will be coming home next week."

Teddy's face lit up. "Yeah! He and Luke officially got signed to the Chudley Cannons!" He lowered his voice. "But you're not supposed to know that yet."

Clark's eyes lit up. "The Chudley Cannons! Fantastic!"

"Yeah, it is." Teddy started toward the living room. "I should go find S."

Clark grinned to himself. He'd always had a soft spot for Teddy and Finn. When Sienna first met them, they were merely kids. They were like the sons Clark never had. Lucille, his wife, didn't want anymore kids after Sienna. Lucille was still in the middle of a thriving modeling career when Sienna was born. Clark always suspected Lucille resented Sienna for cutting her career short, even if Sienna was their biggest blessing.

Still, he always dreamed of having a son. Clark had tried on countless occasions to teach Sienna about Quidditch and take her out on the field to practice flying, but she'd always been completely uninterested. Finn and Teddy, however, loved it. They both were missing father figures in their lives, and Clark enjoyed being that for them, even if it was just temporary.

Now that the boys were older, though, they had their own busy lives to take care of. Finn and Teddy didn't have time to come over and hang out with Clark anymore. The best Clark could hope for was that one day, Sienna would give him a grandson.

"Who was at the door?" Lucille asked, her heels clacking as she came down the spiral staircase.

"Teddy," Clark replied.

Lucille looked pleased. "I'm glad Sienna's finally coming to her senses. She's finally done with that horrid boy, Michael."

Clark sighed. "Luce, you worry too much. She's eighteen! She's going to have plenty of boyfriends before she gets married. Did you honestly think she and Michael would make it?"

"I don't want my daughter dating people like him. He would've brought her down."

Clark shrugged. "She's young. Let her have her fun. Besides, it all worked out in the end, didn't it? She and Finn are back together."

Lucille smiled. "Hopefully, they can make it work. Could you imagine the match? A West and an Ellis getting married!"

"They're eighteen," Clark reminded her once more. "I doubt they're even thinking about marriage."

"Yes, well, it's a step in the right direction," Lucille said before checking her watch. "We should get going soon. Our dinner reservations are in half an hour. Will Sienna be joining us?"

"Teddy's taking her out," Clark replied.

He really did love Teddy and Finn. It wasn't just that the two boys indulged him in several games of quidditch and didn't get annoyed when he wanted to discuss Viktor Krum. Clark also loved how much Finn and Teddy cared about his daughter. Teddy had always been a good friend to Sienna. He was always taking care of her and making sure she was doing okay. And it was obvious to any parent how much Finn loved Sienna. It had startled Clark at first. They were still kids, after all. He thought they were much too young to be thinking about love. But now he found it comforting to know that there would always be somebody there for Sienna.

"Clark, let's go!" Lucille called out shrilly.

"Coming dear," he said before following her out the door.

Back in the living room, Teddy spotted Sienna at the piano. She was fiddling with the keys, looking frustrated.

"I just can't get this song right," Sienna complained as Teddy took a seat beside her on the bench.

Teddy looked at the piano. "I wish I could help you, but I know nothing about music."

She smiled. "Yeah?"

"Well, I know all the words to "Do the Hippogriff," but I don't think that really comes in handy right now."

Sienna laughed. "Nope." She sighed and turned to face him. "So, how are you doing?"

"Brilliant. You?"

"Teddy," she said severely. "Come on."

He took a deep breath. "It absolutely sucks and I don't want to think about it."

Sienna grimaced. "I'm gonna miss her too."

Teddy sighed. "I'm just scared that she's going to go back to Hogwarts and forget all about me. I mean, Vic's so out of my league and she has blokes drooling over her everywhere she goes. It wouldn't be that hard for her to replace me."

"Yes, it would, you idiot. Victoire loves you. Love isn't something you can replace that easily."

"Yeah, but, how long will she love me for? I mean, it was so easy and great this summer. We spent nearly every moment together. Things are going to change now that she's thousands of miles away."

"Thousands of miles?" Sienna frowned. "How far away do you think Hogwarts is."

"Not the point," Teddy told her. "The point is, how are me and Vic going to make it work long distance?"

"Me and Finn made it work this summer," Sienna reminded him. "And we're doing fine. I talk to him every single day over my Witch Mirror, we write each other letters and send pictures on a daily basis, and we visit each other whenever possible. It's difficult but we're making it work. Finn makes me so happy and I've never loved anybody as much as I love him, and I know it's worth it."

Teddy groaned. "Just two more years of this rubbish, right? And then she graduates too."

"Plus, you can go visit her whenever you want," Sienna reminded him. "And Christmas break is in just three months!"

"Three months is a really long time," Teddy said.

"Then, ask yourself: Is Victoire worth all this work?"

"Absolutely," Teddy replied immediately.

Sienna smiled. "Then, what's the problem?"

He sighed and shrugged. "The problem is I already miss her and it's only been a day."

She patted his arm. "I know how you feel. I can't wait until Finn returns."

Teddy grinned and stood up. "So, you wanna join me for dinner? I'll let you talk about Finn all night if you want."

Sienna snorted. "Oh, please. You talk about him more than I do. I swear, it's like you love him more than me."

"I do," Teddy said as he helped her up.

Sienna laughed. "Are you excited about living together?" The two of them started for the door. "It'll be just like old times."

Teddy nodded. "Yeah, it's been so lonely in that big old house ever since Victoire left."

"Vic left yesterday," Sienna reminded him.

Teddy sighed dramatically. "I'm just drowning in my loneliness."

"What's it like living on your own?" Sienna wanted to know. They made their way down the street, their arms linked together.

"Weird," Teddy said. "I mean, when I wake up, breakfast isn't ready. I have to make it myself. And let me tell you, my scrambled eggs don't taste nearly as good as my grandmother's."

"You know what I'll miss most about Hogwarts? The food." Sienna sighed dreamily. "One thing is for sure: those house elves can really cook."

"Also," Teddy said, "nobody cleans up after you. I mean, at Hogwarts I had those house elves. And at my grandmother's house, I had my grandmother."

Sienna winced. "I've always had some sort of maid or servant to clean up after me."

Teddy glanced at her. "Rich kid probs. Must be nice."

"Oh, shut up." Sienna looked back at her large house. "That house isn't all it's cracked up to be. I'd much rather have grown up in your smaller house with just your grandmother."

"Still having problems with your mum?" Teddy asked.

She nodded. "She's just been so hard on me this summer…I swear, she's more stressed out about my record coming out than I am."

"Your songs sound brilliant, S," Teddy told her sincerely.

"Thanks. I mean, most of them, I wrote a long time ago…I just had to tune them up this summer. I've already taken a few songs to the record label and they really seemed to have like it…I hope they like the entire album, though…" she trailed off.

Teddy squeezed her hand. "They'll love it."

"Thanks," she smiled. "My dad seems to really like it, but he says the same thing about every song. I swear, I could play him the worst song on the planet and he'd still love it."

"Your dad's a good guy. He'd just proud of you."

"I know, I know. It's more than I can say for my mum." Sienna sighed. "Honestly, I have no idea how that man puts up with her."

"I don't know how you put up with her most of the time."

"Lots of tequila," Sienna told him.

Teddy smiled. "Why don't you move in with me too?" he asked shyly.

Sienna stopped in her tracks and turned to look at him. "What?"

"I mean, you're already looking for a place anyway! Why not just move in with me and Finn. It'll be the three musketeers together again! I have plenty of other rooms for you to pick. Or you could just share a room with Finn…I'm sure he wouldn't mind…and it'd be so much fun!"

Sienna smiled. "Teddy, you're trying to recreate Hogwarts."

"Am not! I just thought you might like to live with your best friend and boyfriend."

"I would love that—"

"Brilliant!"

"—but not right now."

"Aw, come on!"

Sienna laughed. "Teddy, I'm trying to be more independent."

"So?"

"So, for the first time in my life, the money I have is not coming from my daddy but coming from me. I'm earning it with my own hard work."

"I'm not sure what this has to do with moving into Grimmauld Place."

"I want to buy my own apartment by myself and pay for it by myself and do the whole independent woman thing."

"Why, though, when you can save money and move in with me? We don't have to pay rent!"

Sienna sighed. "Teddy, it's not about the money. It's about me doing something on my own."

He grimaced. "So, it's not entirely about you wanting to get away from your parents."

"That too. The sooner I can get away from Clark and Lucille Ellis, the better."

"Have you told them about you moving out?

Sienna shook her head. "Nope. My mother would have a fit. She wants me right under her nose, where she can watch my every move."

"When are you going to tell them?"

"Probably soon. I reckon I found a place I really like."

"No way! I wanna see!" Teddy exclaimed. "But I doubt it'd be as nice as Grimmauld Place," he added bitterly.

"I'll show you the place tomorrow," she said, ignoring his last comment. "What time do you get off work?"

"Late…but I can go during my lunch break."

"Sounds like a plan," Sienna said before looking around. "So, do we know where we're eating?"

Teddy took her hand. "Yep. Close your eyes," he instructed.

Sienna did as she was told and the two of them disapparated.

"Okay, open our eyes," Teddy told her.

"This is your front door," Sienna said obviously, gesturing toward the door in front of her.

"Open the door," he ordered.

She gave him a suspicious look before turning the knob slowly. Inside the house, leaning against the wall casually was Findley West.

"Oh, my Godric!" Sienna squealed before running into his arms.

"You miss me, babe?" He grinned before kissing her.

Teddy chuckled, closing the door behind him.

"I thought you were coming back next week," Sienna said, beaming.

"I wanted to surprise you," Finn said.

Teddy checked his watch. "I should get going."

"Wait, what?" Finn frowned.

Sienna glanced back at him. "I thought we were going to dinner."

Teddy grimaced. "I figured you two would wanna have some alone time. I made plans with Luke."

Finn protested. "Aw, Teddy. Don't worry about it. We can all go out."

"No, it's fine," Teddy said with a small smile. "You two have fun." He gave them a small wave before leaving.

Sienna turned back to face Finn. "You're really back now? For good?"

Finn rested his forehead against hers. "I'm all yours now."

Grinning, Sienna allowed him to kiss her.



* * *



Tony Bishop watched his son play with his food. "Luke, son, what is the matter with you?"

Luke glanced at him, putting his fork down. "What do you mean?"

"You're back from that ruddy camp! You've been signed to an amazing professional quidditch team! You should be off the bloody walls right now with happiness."

Luke gave his dad a forced smile. "I'm just tired."

Tony glanced at his wife. "Your mother and I are…concerned…"

Luke sighed and looked at his parents. "Grace and I broke up."

"What?" His parents yelped at the same time, looking stunned.

"Hey, guys!" Teddy said cheerfully, walking into the dining room. "Sorry to interrupt, but Luke promised he'd come out with me tonight."

"When did you and Grace break up?" Elizabeth Bishop asked quietly. She looked on the verge of tears. Elizabeth had always thought Grace was the best thing that had happened to Luke. She'd pulled him out of the dark place he was in. Ever since he met Grace things had changed. He'd made better friends, his schoolwork improved, he started playing Quidditch again, and he was lighter and happier.

"A few weeks ago," Luke replied with a sigh. "We realized long distance was too hard and it was just gonna get worse when she went back to Hogwarts."

Teddy pursed his lips. "I still reckon you're both being stupid. Me and Vic are making it work."

Luke glanced at him. "No offense, Teddy, but Vic's been gone a day. You haven't even had time to miss her."

"But I love her and we'll make it work. I'd rather be long distance with Victoire than begin dating anybody else."

Tony nodded approvingly. "I like Victoire. Nice girl. She's a bit cheeky, but I like that about her."

Luke sighed. "Merlin, Vic's gone too. I didn't even get a chance to say goodbye to her."

Teddy gave him an odd look. "You're throwing yourself a pity party right now. Stop." He grabbed Luke's arm and pulled him up. "Come on. We're going out tonight."

"Are we drinking?" Luke asked miserably.

"A lot," Teddy replied. He glanced at Luke's parents. "Sorry."

Tony waved him off. "You're all of age."

"Besides," Elizabeth muttered grudgingly, "it's not like you weren't all drinking when you were underage anyway."

"Very true!" Teddy said cheerfully as he dragged Luke away.





Hey There Delilah


Don't you worry about the distance

I'm right there if you get lonely

You be good and don't you miss me

Two more years and you'll be done with school

-Plain White T's



* * *



Victoire climbed into the carriage and took a seat beside Grace. She peered up at the sky and sighed. It seemed as if the weather was imitating their moods; it had been gloomy and murky all day. Victoire glanced at her two best friends. Skylar was in the middle of telling a story about one of her drunken nights in Spain. Grace appeared to only be half listening. She was looking outside as if expecting Luke to magically appear.

Victoire sighed. She wasn't ready to return to Hogwarts without Teddy, Finn, and Sienna. With Finn gone, who was going to throw all the parties and smuggle all the alcohol and food? Sienna wouldn't be there to offer her some wise, sisterly advice or listen to her complain about school and boys. Worst of all, Teddy was gone, and that stung more than Victoire liked to admit. It scared her how much she needed him with her.

"It's weird isn't it?" Grace said after a moment.

"What is?" Victoire asked.

"Being back at Hogwarts," she replied. "Every year, I've always been excited to come back...but this year is different."

Skylar frowned. "Why's that, Gracie?"

"Everything's changing," Grace said sadly. "Luke's gone. Teddy's gone. Finn's gone. Sienna's gone. We're officially N.E.W.T. students. Half our teachers are being replaced."

"Oh, yeah," Victoire said after a moment. "I forgot Slughorn and Flitwick retired."

"We have a new D.A.D.A teacher too," Grace muttered. "Professor Macklyn also retired."

"Holy cricket...it's like we're at a new school." Skylar shook her head. "At least Hagrid and Professor Longbottom are still here."

Victoire smiled. "Yeah. I reckon James will have a blast with them."

"He won't have to worry about getting too homesick," Grace mumbled. "You know Hagrid and Neville will be there for him every step of the way."

"I reckon Jay will be fine," Victoire said with a yawn. "He's got me and Molly to help him out. And Fred's starting this year with him too. Those two are already inseparable."

Grace smoothed her skirt. "Finn made Fred and James promise that they'll continue the legacy he and Teddy left."

"You mean the legacy of two drunken idiots who shagged a bunch of pathetic girls and threw a bunch of parties with booze?" Skylar snorted. "Somehow I don't think Ginny and Angelina will love that."

"Hey, now!" Victoire said defensively. "Teddy was head boy, top of the year, and captain of the quidditch team. He left Hogwarts with a great reputation."

Skylar rolled her eyes and waved Victoire off. "Yeah, yeah...you're his girlfriend. You're supposed to defend him. But may I remind you what Teddy was like before the two of you started dating? Or what Finn was like before Sienna came along and knocked some sense into that thick skull of his?"

Victoire shrugged and leaned back in her seat. "Don't forget you dated him too."

Skylar shuddered. "Don't remind me."



* * *



Teddy slid a drink across the bar. "Come on, Bishop. Loosen up."

Luke shook his head. "Me and Vic made a promise not to drink, remember? It's been nearly a year since I touched that stuff."

Teddy grimaced. "I hate to break it to you, Luke, but Victoire fell off the wagon."

"What do you mean?"

"She...erm...she had a rough night over the summer." He winced. "Chris parents decided to move and sell the house where Chris grew up. It was too painful for them. When they told Victoire, she took it really hard."

Luke stared at him. "But I thought she was dealing with everything so well..."

"She was! It was just one bad night. She's been good now."

"Well," Luke said with a sigh, "if she fell off, then I can too." He gulped down the whiskey. "Merlin, I forgot how that burned."

Teddy watched him. "You know, I never understood why you and Gracie broke up."

"It was the logical thing to do."

"Come again?"

Luke waved to the bartender, signaling for him to bring another drink. "You know how Grace is," Luke said to Teddy. "She's rational and practical. And long-distance for two years...isn't..."

"Not to be cheesy or anything, but love isn't supposed to be rational or practical," Teddy told him.

"Grace is methodical. She looks at everything from all angles. She's always been that way."

"Not always," Teddy said quietly.

"What do you mean?"

"Falling in love with you...that wasn't rational at all. I mean, you two came from two different worlds. Grace is quiet and smart and she follows the rules. She spends her free time in the bloody Gobstones Club, which is the dorkiest club ever. She follows the rules and gets good grades and loves being a prefect."

"She does love that badge of hers," Luke agreed.

"No offense, Luke, but you were a mess when the two of you met. You were all rebellious and broody. Not to mention, you were friends with Grayson. It made no sense for Grace to fall for you. Especially considering she had a boyfriend at the time who was theoretically perfect for her."

"Collin was an arse!" Luke growled.

"Yeah, I agree. But he was also a prefect like Grace. Top of the year like Grace. He was into the same nerdy stuff as Grace. I mean they were a great match on paper."

"Not as good as me and Grace though."

"Definitely not. But do you get what I'm saying? You and Grace...it makes no sense! Yet, somehow, it worked, didn't it? There was no logic or rationalizing because there didn't need to be any. You were in love."

"I guess."

"No, it's true! If you and Grace had been rational, then the two of you never would have happened. You were complete opposite. I mean, we hated you. She went against everyone of her friends to be with you."

"Not Victoire," Luke muttered, remembering the seemingly never ending fight between Victoire and Grace last year.

"Yeah, well, Grace was pissed at Vic. I don't really think she cared what she thought at that point."

"What's your point, Lupin?" Luke asked as the bartender handed him another drink and he gulped it down.

"My point is that love doesn't know logic or reasoning. If you love Grace and she loves you, then fucking be together already."

"Careful, you might break out into song."

"Make fun all you want," Teddy said, "but I'm the one who's happy and in love. You're not."

"This has got to be the worst pep talk."

"Stop all this rubbish about logic and reasoning. Is it practical to have a relationship with somebody that lives far away? Probably not. But does she make you happy?"

"Of course she does."

"Then it sounds a hell of a lot more 'practical' to me for you two to try to make it work than to give up entirely."

Luke sighed. "Don't you think I know that? But Grace...she's looked at it from every angle. She doesn't think we'll make it long distance. She thinks we'll break up eventually. Why prolong the inevitable? Her words, not mine."

Teddy stared at him. "I just don't agree."

"Why?"

"Because you two are my friends and you're both miserable."

"I'm not miserable." Luke took a deep breath. "I'll get better. I swear. Once I start training with the team and start getting distracted, hopefully it'll get easier."

Teddy grimaced. "I hope so."



* * *



"Skylar, where are you going?" Grace hissed as everybody filed into the Great Hall.

"Bathroom!" she called out. "I'll be right back."

Grace pinched Victoire's arm. "Go after her!"

"Ow! What? Why?" Victoire rubbed her arm.

"To make sure she doesn't miss the ceremony."

Victoire rolled her eyes. "Skye's a big girl. She can make it back from the bathroom on time."

"Doubtful," Grace muttered, giving her a small push.

Victoire glanced at a group of sixth year girls waiting for them. "Come on, Gracie. Everybody's waiting for us. Just let Skye go."

Grace motioned for the girls to go on ahead without them. "Vic, I can't go because I've got prefect duties."

"Fine," Victoire said groaning. "I'll go babysit Skylar."

"Thank you!" Grace called out cheerfully before turning around to scold a third year with a fanged frisbee.

"Skylar, wait up!" Victoire called as she made her way through the crowds. When she finally reached the bathroom, Skylar was already inside. She was standing in front of the mirror, lighting up a cigarette.

"I thought you over your smoking phase," Victoire said with a grimace.

Skylar handed her one. "Teddy told me about your drinking last summer. I thought you were over that."

"Touche," Victoire muttered.

Skylar put the cigarette in her mouth in order to free her hands to put away her pack. "It's just an occasional one," she said, taking the cigarette out of her mouth again and breathing out a puff.

"What made you start again?"

"It's all those stupid models did. Smoke and drink. Honestly, it's a wonder they all stay so skinny."

Victoire laughed. "You realize you are one of those stupid models."

Skylar beamed. "I know!"

Victoire sighed and leaned against the wall. "I missed you, Skye."

"Yeah, I missed you too." She grinned. "Did Grace send you in here after me?"

"She's worried you'll miss the Sorting Ceremony."

"She has so little faith."

"Yeah, well, give her some slack. She's had a rough summer."

"How's she really been doing?" Skylar asked.

"Not great. I think the birth of the new baby really screwed with her head. She's been a wreck ever since."

"Did she meet the baby?"

"Yeah. She took Henry to the hospital after it was born to meet the baby, but I think it was too hard for them. Especially for Grace. She feels betrayed all over again."

"What's the baby's name?"

"Olivia," Victoire replied as Skylar handed her a cigarette. She took a long drag and closed her eyes. "Merlin, I forgot how relaxing that was."

Skylar looked at her. "So much for clean and good girl Victoire. Are you going back to your bad girl ways?"

Victoire shot her a look. "My best friend is dead and my boyfriend is hundreds of miles away. I can have a smoke if I want to."

"Alright. Alright. Just don't blame me if Teddy gets upset."

"Don't worry. It won't be like last summer. I won't overdo it."

Skylar gave her a dubious look before sinking down onto the floor and sitting against the wall. "You know I didn't want to come back to Hogwarts this year."

Victoire took a seat beside her. "Why not?"

"I didn't really get to see my dad all that much...I miss him..." Her eyes began to sting. "And I miss Melissa."

"Oh, Skye. Maybe it's time you finally spoke to her."

"No. She let her fiancé touch me...and she didn't even believe me when I tried to tell her the truth...I can never forgive her for that."

"I get it. You know I get it better than anybody else." Victoire hesitated. "But she did apologize. I'm not saying you have to forgive her. Godric knows I couldn't, but maybe just hear her out. See what she has to say. It might give you some closure."

Skylar gulped. "Yeah, maybe. I just hate it. Every single year, I couldn't wait to come back to Hogwarts. This year is different though. I wanna turn the train around and go home."

"Me too," Victoire admitted. "Half our friends are gone. And Chris is never coming back. It feels wrong to be back here."

Skylar nodded. "Hell, even half our teachers are gone. Hogwarts is changing too fast. I don't like it."

"I wasn't ready to leave Teddy," Victoire grumbled. "He was the only reason I got through the summer without falling apart. I don't know how Dani is doing it."

Skylar hesitated. "I met a bloke too."

"In Spain?" Victoire asked, surprised. "You said there was nobody special."

"Alexander was special," Skylar said with a dreamy smile.

"What happened?"

"The summer ended and I left. I never even said goodbye or told him I was leaving. I just left."

Victoire looked at her. "Did you love him."

Skylar smiled and shook her head. "No...but I could've maybe...one day..."

"Do you miss him?"

She nodded. "I've never felt this way about anybody. Not even Teddy. Alexander just always made me laugh and smile. He was so sweet and adventurous. There wasn't any drama. We just had fun."

"Are you going to try to contact him?"

"No, I don't think so."

"Why not?" Victoire demanded, outraged.

"It was just a summer fling, Vic. We were never supposed to have a real relationship."

Somebody banged on the door violently. "Victoire! Skylar! You two better not be in there!" Grace shouted furiously from the other side of the door. Skylar quickly took the cigarette out of Victoire's hand and put it out just as Grace barged inside. "You have got to be kidding me!" she hissed.

"What's got your wand in a knot?" Victoire snorted.

Grace huffed. "I sent you in here so that Skylar would show up to the feast on time! Not so that you both would miss it!"

Skylar rolled her eyes. "Relax, Gracie. We've barely missed anything."

"Actually," Grace hissed, "you two missed the entire Sorting Ceremony."

Victoire's eyes widened. "What!"

"Yes, and since you hardly care to make it on time, I doubt you'd care to know that both James and Fred got into Gryffindor. Molly's thrilled."

"Oh, no," Victoire moaned. "I can't believe I missed Freddie and Jamie's sorting!"

Grace sniffed the air. "Have you two been smoking in here?"

Skylar grimaced. "Just one or two hits."

"Oh, you've got to be kidding me. I thought you two were done with that nasty habit. I thought you were over that bloody phase."

"We are," Skylar said. "This was our last one."

"If it's your last one then give me the rest of the pack."

Skylar rolled her eyes and handed over the pack. "You really need get that stick out of your arse, Gracie."

Victoire bit back a smile and elbowed Skylar.

"You guys, I am a prefect!"

"You were a prefect last year too and we could still do whatever we wanted." Skylar protested.

Grace raised her eyebrows. "That's because Teddy was HeadBoy and he didn't give a rat's arse about the rules. This year, there's a new Headboy and Headgirl. Hopefully, they'll rule under a stricter regime. Honestly, the things he let you two get away with is ridiculous."

"Rule?" Skylar snorted. "This isn't a monarchy, Grace."

Victoire smiled. "What do you mean let us get away with? Teddy was the one breaking most of the rules!"

Skylar giggled. "It was so nice to have a Headboy on the inside."

Grace glared at them. "Can we please just get back to the feast? Or in your case, just get to the feast."

Skylar and Victoire sighed before following Gracie back to the Great Hall. She was muttering unintelligent insults to them under her breath. Occasionally, Victoire would hear an "irresponsible" or an "unbelievable."



* * *



Sienna rolled over to face Finn. She grinned at him before lifting her head slightly to press her lips against his. Finn opened his eyes and scooped her into his arms.

"I love you, Sienna Ellis," he whispered in her ear.

Sienna smiled to herself. A year ago, Finn couldn't even admit he liked her. Now, every opportunity he got, he would tell her how much he loved her. He would whisper it in her ear every time he walked past her or leave small notes for her lying around her room. It was hard to believe that he was the same Findley West.

"You really do, don't you," she mumbled, kissing him.

Finn smiled at her. "Of course."

"I still can't believe this is happening," Sienna said breathlessly as she ran her fingers through Finn's hair.

"What is?"

"Us."

Finn's eyes locked with hers. "Me either."

"After all this time, who would have thought we were gonna be the ones to make it work?"

"I think we're doing a pretty good job at being a couple," Sienna said.

"That's what happens when you find the right person."

"Can you believe that this time last year we were both still trying to deny there was anything between us?"

Finn shook his head. "We were idiots. All that time we wasted."

Sienna snuggled into his chest. "It's okay. We're together now."

"We can be together even more if you agreed to move in," he muttered.

"Teddy told you?"

"I knew you'd turn him down," Finn grumbled, "but I still hoped he'd be able to convince you."

Sienna laughed and kissed his chest. "It's not like we won't see each other all the time."

"Yeah, whatever."

"You and Teddy are ridiculous."

"So, when can I see your new pads?" Finn asked.

"I'm showing Teddy tomorrow. You want to tag along?"

"Absolutely," Finn replied, tightening his grip around her.



* * *



"So, what'd we miss?" Victoire asked pleasantly as she took her seat at the Gryffindor table.

"The Headmaster introduced all the new teachers," Hilda Greene, a pretty seventh year, said.

"Who replaced Slughorn?" Victoire asked sadly. Professor Slughorn loved Victoire and always gave her a bit of a free pass. Last year, at the last Slug Club party, he nearly burst into tears when she said her goodbyes to him.

"That grungy old one," Marcia Keller said, pointing to an older man with a long nose but a kind smile.

"I hope he's good," Grace muttered, suddenly nervous. "I mean, we have to be well prepared for our N.E.W.T.s next year."

"Who replaced Flitwick?" Skylar wanted to know. "He was one of the best teachers here."

Hilda leaned forward. "What you should be asking is who the new Defense Against the Dark Arts professor is."

"Why?" Victoire frowned.

"Because," Marcia said dreamily, "he's gorgeous."

Victoire and Skylar turned around to check out the new professor.

"His name is Professor Bennett," Hilda informed them.

Skylar's eyes widened. "Oh, my Godric," she gasped, dropping the scone she was holding.

"Cute, isn't he?" Hilda said knowingly.

Skylar couldn't speak. She instantly recognized Alexander's scruffy beard and muscular arms. He was the youngest person sitting at the teacher's table. Professor Sinastra was talking to him, leaning over Professor Trelawney so that he could hear her over the buzz of chatter. Alexander was smiling, listening intently as the older woman spoke to him. After a moment, he nodded slightly and looked around the Great Hall eagerly.

"He's looks so young, though," Skylar distantly heard Victoire say. "How can he already be a teacher? Don't you need experience and all that rubbish?"

"He looks about twenty," Grace guessed. "I've already done my research on him. He was homeschooled most of his life." She looked at all of them importantly.

"His parents were really into traveling," Skylar said, remembering a conversation she had had with Alexander one time in a small restaurant in Madrid. "They thought he'd learn more by getting real world experiences rather than sitting in a classroom."

"Right," Grace said, frowning slightly. "Anyway, he graduated early at fifteen. After that, he took a job with a Defense Against the Dark Arts expert. I don't remember his name. Only that he was brilliant and Professor Bennet's mentor. Honestly, I wish he'd taken the job instead. He started his career off as an auror but he was more interested in studying the dark arts and the defenses against it. He's an expert. They say Harry Potter likes to contact him a lot for information and tactics. He gives them a bit of an upperhand with all the inside information."

"Really?" Victoire said, perking up at the mention of her uncle's name.

"I don't care about some old guy," Hilda said. "I want to know more about Alexander Bennett."

Grace shot Hilda a slightly annoyed look and was about to continue her story, when Skylar spoke up. "Professor Bennett travelled all over the world, examining ancient dark objects and learning about the dark wizards with his mentor. He would've continued to travel his whole life, but his parents thought it was time he stopped studying and got a real job." Skylar tore her eyes away from Alexander, her face pale.

Grace frowned at her. "How do you know so much about him?" she wondered.

"I must have read about him somewhere or something," Skylar muttered.

Grace nodded. "Probably. I was reading a piece about him in the Prophet last week..."

Skylar tuned out as Grace continued on, rambling about all the new information she had gathered on the three new teachers. Skylar looked back at Alexander. It had only been a few days since she'd snuck out of her hotel room and left him to wake up alone. It'd only been a few days but it seemed like an entire lifetime ago. She gazed at him in shock, still not believing that the man she'd been trying all summer not to fall for was her professor.

Alexander smiled, peering around at all the students. He never spotted Skylar, however. She was lost in the sea of students. He grinned and said something to Neville, who chuckled slightly.

Skylar gulped and she felt her face burn. She turned back around and stared ahead, looking astounded. Beside her, Victoire and Skylar were chattering on easily about what their new schedules might look like and what the new professors might be like with their new curriculums. Skylar couldn't manage to join in or eat her food. She didn't know what to think.





Good Life


When you're happy like a fool

Let it take you over

When everything is out

You gotta take it in

Oh this has gotta be the good life

This has gotta be the good life

This could really be a good life, good life

-OneRepublic



* * *



Sienna bit her lower lip. "What if I change this last cord?"

Danny and Chase exchanged looks. "Again?" Chase asked, amused.

"I want it to sound perfect," she complained.

"It does," Danny assured her. "I think it's time you take these to the label and get the ball rolling on getting the album made."

Sienna surveyed both boys. They were her only bandmates that had agreed to work with her again since the tour. Heather, Alyson, and Gary had respectfully declined rejoining the band to pursuit their own music careers. Sienna hated the idea of having to find new backup singers and a new keyboardist.

"Okay," she finally agreed. "I guess we're officially done."

Danny and Chase cheered. "What's the next step?" Danny asked.

"First, the label needs to approve all the songs," Sienna replied. "They'll probably try to make a few changes." She shrugged. "In the meantime, we have to hire some new band members. As great as you two are, I reckon we're gonna need more than the drums and a guitar."

Chase nodded. "I reckon I know a few people."

"Brilliant!" Sienna beamed. "Contact them and get them in here as early as possible so that we can see what they sound like."

Danny looked pumped. "We also need to start planning for the tour."

Sienna nodded. "We need a name for the album and the tour, we need to determine locations, prices, and all that other rubbish. Oh, you know what else? Never mind. I reckon it's best we hold a meeting with the label and my managers and everybody to get all the details determined."

Chase and Danny grinned. "This is gonna be brilliant," they told her.

A woman with strawberry blonde hair stuck her head in the room. "Your studio time is up in about five minutes," she informed them.

Sienna began to gather her things. "Okay, I guess this is really it, guys." She smiled. "I'll call you tomorrow so we can start prepping."

"Brilliant," Danny said as he and Chase headed toward the exit.

Sienna waved her wand lazily and her guitar and music sheets disappeared. They were safely sent back to her room. She took a shaky breath before heading out.



* * *



Eva set a stack of papers on her small, cramped desk.

"Eva?" Hermione Granger called before turning her head to say something to her assistant. She turned back to face Eva and smiled. "Do you mind running an errand for me? I need to send a message up to my husband about some new regulations in the Auror Department."

Eva nodded. "Absolutely."

Hermione smiled and handed her a folder full of important looking documents. "Make sure to explain to him exactly where he needs to sign. He'll probably try to blow it off and push it off for later, but I need it done as soon as possible."

"Sounds good," Eva replied, taking the papers. She glanced through the documents. They were pretty standard. "Anything else?"

"You can take your lunch break after you deliver those," Hermione told her. "I'll see you back in an hour!"

"Okay. Thank you!"

"Oh, and Eva?" Hermione added as Eva started for the elevators. "You're doing a great job."

Eva blushed. "Thank you."

Hermione gave her a comforting smile before rushing away, shouting more orders at different people.

Eva stepped into the elevator. Much to her surprise it was empty. Usually the elevators were bustling with people running around to different levels of the Ministry. One time, Eva even got a glimpse of the minister of magic. She'd nearly fainted. She couldn't even think of what to say. He had stood right beside her in the elevator, listening as several other wizards relayed different information to him. He'd been so busy, she didn't think it was the right time to introduce herself. Still, Eva hoped one day she would be on first name terms with the minister like her boss, Mrs. Granger, was.

The elevator doors opened once more and a beautiful girl with golden blonde hair and dark gray eyes stepped inside. Unlike all the other wizards wearing ministry robes, she was wearing a light blue sundress and white sandals. She was talking into her Witch Mirror when she stepped inside and she hardly noticed Eva.

"Finn, relax, I'm almost there," she was saying into the mirror. "I'm stepping inside the elevator right now as we speak."

Eva heard Finn's voice coming from the Witch Mirror. "Okay, Teddy and I are waiting," he replied, sounding impatient. Eva remembered how much Finn hated to wait.

Sienna smiled. "Okay. Bye, baby. I love you. See you in a little bit."

"Alright. Love you."

Sienna tapped her Witch Mirror and Finn's face disappeared. She tucked the Witch Mirror in her purse and looked up. "Eva?" Her eyes widened in surprise.

Eva gulped, shifting the papers in her arms. "Erm…hello…" She was only too aware of how amazing Sienna looked in her short summer dress. Eva, on the other hand, glanced down at the modest ministry robes she was wearing.

"You're working at the ministry now?" Sienna asked, impressed.

"I'm only interning," Eva said lamely. It was nothing compared to making your own album. Eva had read an article last night in Witch Weekly about Sienna. Being a small intern in the huge ministry was nothing compared to being in magazines and traveling the world.

"That's so cool!" Sienna gasped, amazed. "For who?"

"Hermione Granger."

"Vic's aunt? Oh, I love Hermione. She's probably the smartest person I know."

Eva's polite smile hardened. "You're on a first name basis with Mrs. Granger?"

Sienna shrugged. "Like I said, she's Vic's aunt."

Eva glanced at the doors as they opened again and several wizards shuffled inside.

"So, what are you doing here?" Eva demanded.

Sienna smiled. "Finn and I are meeting Teddy here. We're all going out to lunch together."

"Dream team's still together, I see," Eva said. "I guess some things never change."

"Yeah, I guess."

"Auror Department," the cool elevator voice said.

"This is where I get off," Sienna said.

"Me too," Eva murmured miserably.

The two of them awkwardly made their way out of the elevator.

"Hey, baby!" Finn called, pulling Sienna into an intense kiss.

Teddy rolled his eyes. "Honestly, you two. This is where I work."

"Sorry," Finn said as he released Sienna. "I just missed her so much."

Eva felt like gagging.

"Finn," Sienna said sharply, motioning toward Eva. "Look who I ran into in the elevator."

Finn froze. He stared at Eva before giving her an awkward smile. "Eves, how have you been?" he asked.

Eva glared at him. "I hate it when you call me that."

"Hey, Eva," Teddy said politely, waving to her.

"Hi, Teddy," Eva said.

"Sure, he gets a nice response," Finn grumbled.

"You know, Eva's been interning for Hermione," Sienna told them.

Finn and Teddy looked surprised. "Really?" Finn said.

"Yep," Eva replied curtly. She wasn't sure whether to be offended by his tone of surprise.

"Wow," Teddy said, impressed. "Hermione's a hard ass. She doesn't just take anyone. You must be really good."

"So, can Harry and I join you three for lunch or are we too old?" Ron asked, coming up beside them.

"Are you kidding?" Finn snorted. "The more the merrier."

"As long as you don't mind stopping by my new apartment," Sienna told him. "I'm showing Finn and Teddy my new place."

Eva didn't even dwell on the fact that Sienna could afford her own place a few months after graduating Hogwartrs. "Mr. Weasley," she said importantly, showing him the packet of documents, "I was sent to get you to sign these."

Ron glanced at the documents. "From my lovely wife, I presume?"

"Yes, sir," Eva replied.

Ron took the stack from her. "Okay. I'll get to these when I return from lunch."

"Please, sir," Eva said timidly, "Mrs. Granger wants them done sooner rather than later."

Ron sighed, taking out a quill. "Alright, alright. Come with me to my office. I'll look them over."

"We'll wait for you and Harry," Teddy told him.

"Great. Thanks!" Ron said as he showed Eva to his office.



* * *



After Eva had gotten the signatures she needed, she followed Ron back out. Harry, Teddy, Sienna, and Finn were all standing by the elevator, waiting for them.

"Sorry for the wait," Ron said. "Blame Hermione."

Harry chuckled. "Doesn't matter. I'm Head of the Department. We can take a longer lunch break if we wanted to."

Ron grinned. "Oh, yeah. Merlin, it's great to be us."

Eva cracked a small smile as they all headed into the elevator.

"Eva," Sienna said hopefully, "would you like to join us for lunch?"

"Oh." Eva looked around awkwardly as they all stared expectantly at her. "I'd hate to intrude. Besides, I already have lunch plans with some friends."

"Next time, then," Sienna told her sincerely as more people joined them in the elevator.

Eva nodded. "Yeah, sure."

"Oh, Eva, this is my godfather, Harry, by the way," Teddy added, motioning to the older man with messy brown hair. It made him look much younger than he actually was. "And this is his best friend, Ron."

Eva shook both their hands. She tried to keep her composure as she shook hands with Harry Potter.

"You know, my wife says wonderful things about you," Ron complimented Eva. "She says you're very bright."

Eva blushed fiercely. "Wow. Thanks." Out of the corner of her eye, she watched Finn slip his arm around Sienna's waist. He kissed the top of her head. Eva hated that she hated that they were so happy. It wasn't fair. Sure, they'd all ended on amicable terms by the time graduation came around, but that didn't mean Eva wanted to run into her ex-boyfriend and the girl he'd cheated on her with at work all the time.

The elevator doors opened again and Eva headed out. "It was nice meeting both of you," she said to Ron and Harry seriously. Eva glanced at the people that were once her friends. "And it was nice seeing you guys again too."

Teddy gave her a small wave. "Yeah. Come visit me sometime up in the Auror Department. I didn't realize you were just a few floors below me. We can grab lunch or tea or something."

Eva nodded. "Erm, yeah…sure…"

"Bye, Eves!" Finn said, grinning.

Eva rolled her eyes but smiled at him anyway just before the doors closed. She'd forgotten how infuriatingly friendly they all were. It was hard to give somebody the cold shoulder when they were so damn nice all the time. Especially Sienna.

Eva hated how much she let Sienna get to her. The worst part of it was that Sienna didn't even have to try. She just always won at everything. Sienna was taller than Eva. She was prettier than Eva. Her eyes did this annoying thing where they glittered every time she smiled. She had the most amazing voice, her singing career was blossoming and she was on the cover of nearly every magazine. Worst of all? Sienna had gotten the guy. Sienna hadn't even really fought for Findley. All she had to do was return to Hogwarts for Finn to go running back to her.

It wouldn't be so bad if Sienna wasn't so bloody nice all the time. Eva wished that Sienna could at least be smug or superior about getting Finn…but she wasn't. Sienna had been genuinely sorry and had even apologized for her role in Eva's break up with Finn. Eva just wished that Sienna hadn't been so apologetic and nice throughout the whole ordeal. It would have made hating her so much easier.

Eva didn't use to care about these things or get jealous easily. In fact, once upon a time, Eva couldn't have cared less whether blokes liked her or her hairstyle looked okay. The things that mattered to her were school and she excelled at that. Dating Findley had changed that. Dating him forced her into the world of Sienna and Skylar and Victoire. They were three of the most stunning girls at school and they were good at everything they did. Sure, Victoire had had it rough because of Chris and the entire school had seen her lose. Skylar definitely had her bitchy moments and was not afraid to say what she thought. Sienna had trouble with school. But despite that, everything came so easily to them. Even though Eva worked twice as hard as Sienna in school, it was Sienna that had gotten the guy and the amazing job and future. It just didn't seem fair.

Eva had become bitter and resentful. Sienna's world seemed so easy and fun. There were no serious worries or problems in her world. Dating Finn had forced Eva to see that. It had forced Eva to see how much people love Sienna, how they would do anything for her. Every girl in their year had been jealous of Sienna. Every single bloke daydreamed about her. Teddy and Finn would drop whatever they were doing to be there for Sienna.

Finn had cheated on Eva and hurt her. He never looked at her the way he had looked at Sienna. He didn't drop all his plans and leave whatever he was doing because Eva asked him to, but he did for Sienna. He never pined over Eva like he did Sienna. Finn had always placed Sienna up on a pedestal. Eva had always come second to her, no matter what she did. It'd been a year of living in somebody else's shadow and trying competing with somebody else who always won. It had worn Eva out and she was tired now. The summer away from all that drama had done her some good, but seeing Finn and Sienna so in love and happy had reminded her of all the pain from the past year. It had reminded her that she'd never been good enough.



* * *



Sienna stood in the middle of the empty living room. She looked around with her hands on her hips. "It's small, but it's a good neighborhood."

"And away from muggles," Ron added with a nod. "You don't have to worry about hiding your magic."

Finn grinned at her. "Where's the bedroom?"

"Through here," Sienna said, motioning them forward. The four men followed her down a hallway and into a rather large bedroom. There were two large double glass doors that led to a balcony outside. "And I've got a beach view from my bedroom!" she added.

Harry's face lit up. "No way!" He and the others rushed outside.

Finn and Sienna lagged behind. She looked at him and bit her lower lip nervously. "So? Do you like it?"

Finn pulled her into his arms. "I have a feeling we're going to be spending a lot of time in this bedroom."

Sienna wrapped her arms around the back of his neck. "But you really do like the place?"

"Of course," he said before kissing her.

"And you don't mind that I'm not moving in with you and Teddy?"

"Nah," Finn replied with a laugh. "If you're happy, then I'm happy."

"Sienna!" Teddy called from the balcony. "Your view is brilliant!"

Sienna smiled, taking Finn's hand. "You want to check out the view?"

"I've already got a pretty good view from here," Finn said, waggling his eyebrows at her.

"I meant of the beach."

"I prefer the one of you."

Sienna laughed. "You're an idiot." She took his hand. "Come on. I wanna show you."

The two of them made their way outside. "You can get a boat!" Harry suggested eagerly, pointing to the small sail boats in the distance.

Ron put his hands on hips and looked around. The breeze ruffled his flaming red hair and he closed his eyes. "No screaming kids. No evil wizards trying to murder you every other week. No ruddy ministry officials annoying you. This is the life."

Finn gave him an odd look. "Exactly how often do you have evil wizards trying to kill you?"

Teddy checked his Witch Mirror. "Waiting for the girlfriend to call?" Ron asked.

"I haven't spoken to her all day." Teddy grimaced.

Sienna looked at him. "Oh, I talked to Vic!"

"What? When?"

"This morning. She was having breakfast."

"How's my eldest niece doing on her first day of school?" Harry asked.

"Pretty good. Oh, and I talked to James for a bit. He seemed excited."

"He wasn't nervous?" Harry asked anxiously. "Gin and I sent him a basket of muffins and a letter wishing him luck on his first day."

"I don't know," Sienna said with a shrug. "He only came on the Mirror for about two seconds. He and Fred didn't want to be late for their first class."

"They're in Gryffindor?" Finn asked seriously.

"Of course," Ron said with pride. "You really think my godson wouldn't be? Thank Godric he's not in Slytherin. I told him I couldn't be his godfather anymore if he was."

Harry stared at his best friend. "Why exactly did I pick you to be my son's godfather?"

Ron shrugged. "I don't know. It seemed like a good idea at the time."

"And Vic?" Teddy pressed.

Sienna smiled at him. "She said she misses you, but she seemed fine." Her eyes widened. "Oh, and she said the new Defense Against the Dark Arts professor is super hot!"

"What?" Teddy yelped.

Finn narrowed his eyes. "As hot as me?"

"Did she seem interested in him?" Teddy asked.

"What am I kidding?" Finn said with a laugh. "Nobody's as good looking as me."

"Well, Vic can't date a teacher anyway," Teddy continued thoughtfully. "I reckon he's not really a threat."

"You don't think the girls at Hogwarts have forgotten about me already, do you?" Finn looked panicked. "Am I that forgettable already that they can replace me with some nerd who teaches Defense?"

Sienna stared at them a moment before shaking her head. "Wrong crowd, I guess. Godric, I miss my girls."

Harry laughed. "I heard about the new teacher. Professor Bennett, right? Ron and I are old friends with his mentor. Brilliant guy. He said great things about Bennett."

Ron nodded. "He's supposed to be really smart."

Teddy checked his watch. "We should get going soon if we want to eat lunch."

"Where do we wanna eat?" Ron asked as he led the group back into the apartment.

Sienna was about to follow in their lead when Finn held her back.

"So, not that I don't love hanging out with my ex, but why were you being so nice to Eva?" Finn asked, leaning against the balcony rails.

"Well, before I was a whore that cheated with you, Eva and I were sorta friends."

"No, you weren't."

"Yes, we were!"

Finn stared at her. "S, I love you, but I don't think Eva feels the same as me. Girls tend to not like their ex-boyfriend's new girlfriend."

"Finn, we did wrong by her. I want to make it up to her. Besides, Eva's pretty cool. I mean, she's interning for Hermione! That girl is so badass. I swear, she's the smartest seventeen year old I know."

"I think Eva's eighteen now."

"Same difference." Sienna raised her eyebrows. "It doesn't make you uncomfortable that I want to be friends with her, does it?"

"I was an arse to Eva. Every time I see her, I'm reminded of it. I just don't like being reminded of what I did. I'd rather just stay away, but if it's that important to you then be friends with Eva. I won't stand in your way."

Sienna sighed. "No. I don't want you to be uncomfortable. I just want to make things right with her, you know?"

"Yeah, I do, but honestly, the best thing is to leave her alone and let her live her life. Call me crazy but I doubt she wants her ex-boyfriend who cheated on her and the girl he cheated on her with to be hanging around her all the time."

"Hey, are you guys coming?" Teddy called from inside.

"Yeah, on our way!" Finn shouted back. He slipped Sienna's hand into his and they made their way back inside.

She smiled as she followed him. It was tough now that Victoire, Skylar, and Gracie weren't with her everyday anymore, but she really couldn't complain about her life. Her singing career was about to take off, she was getting away from her overbearing mother and finally moving into her own place, and she and Finn were doing better than ever. Sienna didn't want things to change. Life was pretty good.





All We Are


We won't say our goodbyes

You know it's better that way

We won't break, we won't die

It's just a moment of change

-OneRepublic



* * *



"Skye, where are you going!" Grace shouted. "Curfew is in ten minutes!"

"Gracie, relax. It's the first night." Skylar gave her a mischievous grin. "I'll see you girls tomorrow!"

Grace swiveled around to face Victoire, who was already in her pajamas and climbing into bed. "Where is she going?" Grace demanded.

Victoire yawned and shrugged. She pulled the covers over her. "No idea."

"It's the first night back! She can't already get Gryffindor in trouble!"

Victoire pulled out her Witch Mirror. "She'll be fine," she said distractedly. A moment later, her face lit up as Teddy's face appeared on her Witch Mirror. "Hi, baby!" she squealed.

Grace watched as Victoire launched into a detailed story about her day. Teddy would interject with a reaction every so often. After a moment, Grace smiled slightly and went to her own bed. It was nice to see Victoire so happy. A year ago Vic had been miserable, drinking, partying, and alienating anybody that cared about her. It was a pleasant change to see her this way.

"Night," Grace muttered as she snuggled into her pillow.

Victoire didn't hear her. She was giggling at something Teddy said.

Skylar, on the other hand, was on a different mission that night. She pulled uncomfortably at her uniform before knocking anxiously on the door.

Professor Bennett opened the door. He was already in his pajamas, a light t-shirt and sweatpants. His hair was scruffy and unkempt like he'd just been awoken from bed. He didn't look like a teacher; he looked like a student. He looked down, his eyes instantly meeting Skylar's.

Skylar took a deep breath. "We may have a problem," she she said, pointing to her uniform.

Alexander gaped at her. "Skylar? You're a…you're a student?"

"Sixth year," she replied. "You're my new Defense Against the Dark Arts professor."

He stared at her. "Not possible. You're older than sixteen…you're a model!"

"Models can be sixteen," she pointed out.

Alexander shook his head. "How could I have spent an entire summer with you and not have known your age? I assumed you were my age…I mean, you don't look sixteen."

"Relax. You're only a few years older than me."

"Four to be exact."

"It's not that many."

"It's enough for me to be your teacher."

Skylar frowned. "Yeah, about that, how in the world did you even get this job? I mean, I know you're brilliant and all, but aren't there people more qualified?"

"My mentor put in a good word for me."

Skylar nodded. The two of them stared awkwardly at each other. Both were at a loss for words.

"You know, I reckon this is a good thing," Skylar finally said.

"Why's that?"

"I was really starting to fall for you this summer." She grimaced. "I guess nothing can happen now."

"Why is that a good thing?"

"I don't do love or relationships…not anymore…"

Alexander stared at her. "Why not?"

She gave him a sad smile. "The last relationship I had…I got my heart broken. He ended up being in love with my best friend."

"He's an idiot," Alexander said instantly.

"Nah," Skylar said with a a half-smile. "You'll meet Victoire. She's pretty damn great."

"Not as great as you," he said with confidence.

Skylar shrugged. "Maybe not. Then again, nobody's really as amazing as I am."

Alexander cracked a small smile. "If it makes you feel any better, I was really falling for you too. I considered trying to find you, looking you up…"

"I guess it just wasn't meant to be."

He hesitated. "I guess so."

Skylar took a deep breath. "I'll…erm…I guess I'll see you tomorrow…in class…" she finished off lamely. Blushing, she finally turned away.

"Hey, Skye," Alexander called after her. "Sneaking out of bed in Madrid without saying goodbye? Not cool."

Skylar turned back to face him. She gave him her most charming smile. "It takes work to keep me around, Bennett."

"No kidding," he replied, shaking his head.



* * *



"Hey, so you won't believe who Teddy, Finn, and Sienna ran into," Victoire said as she took her usual seat beside Skylar. She looked around for an instant, staring at the empty seats where her friends used to sit before they graduated.

"Who?" Skylar wondered. She seemed distracted that morning. Every couple of seconds she would scan the teacher's table. Whenever Grace asked her who she was searching for, Skylar would shrug and say nobody.

"Eva," Victoire revealed.

"As in Finn's ex-girlfriend?" Grace asked, surprised.

"Yeah. She's interning for my aunt Hermione now."

Grace raised her eyebrows. "What were S and Finn doing at the ministry?"

"Visiting Teddy for lunch," Victoire replied.

"That's hardly important," Skylar said, turning her attention back to the conversation. "What happened? What did Eva say?"

"Not much. Teddy said that they were all polite and cordial." Victoire shrugged. "He said it was a bit awkward. She seemed uncomfortable."

"Can you blame the poor girl?" Skylar muttered.

Victoire stared at her. "I'm sorry, but since when do you defend Eva? You hated her guts."

"She didn't deserve what Finn did to her. Sure, she drove me mad with her arrogance, but that doesn't mean she wasn't good to Finn. He was an arse to her."

"I'm sorry, but did you say Eva was the arrogant one?" Grace said incredulously. "Have you looked in the mirror?"

"Yes, I have, actually, and I look bloody brilliant."

Grace stared at her. "You realize you're just proving my point."

Skylar stuck out her tongue at Grace.

Victoire tapped her buzzing Witch Mirror and grinned. "I was hoping it was Teddy, but it's nice to see you too, Bishop."

Grace's eyes widened. "Is that Luke?" she hissed.

Victoire glanced at her and nodded. "Sorry," she mouthed before turning her attention back to Luke.

"Vic, you have no idea how much I miss you," Luke was saying miserably.

"Almost as much as you miss me?" Skylar asked, grabbing the Mirror.

"Hey, Skye," Luke said, amused. "How've you been? How was Spain?"

"Enough chitchat, Luke," she said in a business-like voice. "How's life without Grace? You made a huge mistake letting her go, buddy. I bet you're miserable without her. I bet-"

"Skylar!" Victoire said sharply, attempting to snatch the Witch Mirror back.

Grace kicked her under the table. "Skylar, stop it!"

"You do realize Grace is the one that ended things, right?" Luke said through the Mirror. "And you're right. I am miserable."

Grace swallowed back the lump in her throat. "I have to go," she muttered before grabbing her bags and quickly running out.

Skylar sighed. She grabbed her new schedule and handed the Mirror back to Victoire. "I'll go after her. I"ll meet you in class."

"Okay," Victoire said before turning back to Luke. "Sorry about that," she muttered.

"Was she there?" Luke asked quietly.

"Yeah."

Luke nodded. "Does she miss me?"

"Not that she'll admit it," Victoire replied grimly. "How have you been doing, buddy? Why didn't you tell me about the break up?"

"You and Teddy were busy together…I didn't want to bother you…"

"Luke, you're so stupid. I'm supposed to be your best friend. You have to tell me these things."

He grimaced. "It just sucks. I really didn't want it to end. I love her so much."

"Well, you'll find somebody new, Luke. And she'll be amazing and hopefully live really close by you so that long distance won't matter."

"Will she be as great as Gracie?"

"Better," Victoire assured him. "You will be happy again, Luke. Trust me."



* * *



Alexander's heart was pounding. He checked his watch. "Ten seconds," he muttered. He opened the door from his office and stepped inside the large classroom. Overhead, the bell rang loudly, signaling the start of the school day. Alexander walked toward the front of the classroom and stood awkwardly by his desk. A few students trickled inside, chattering happily. Alexander looked down at the schedule lying on his desk, and his heart sank. His first period was Defense Against the Dark Arts for sixth years. He kept his eyes glued to the doors as more and more students filtered inside. He was waiting for her…

"Professor?" A timid girl said, gulping.

"Erm…yeah…" He looked down at her. Professor. That was going to take some getting used to.

"Is there assigned seating?" she asked, glancing back at her group of friends nervously.

Alexander considered it. "Erm…no. Sit wherever you like."

That was when she walked in. She was in between two other girls. The girl on the left was much shorter than her and had dark brown hair and olive skin. Her deep green eyes were staring ahead miserably, only half-listening as Skylar chattered on. The girl to Skylar's right was about the same height as her and was absolutely stunning. She had long silvery blonde hair and dark blue eyes. She tilted her head back, laughing as Skylar said something.

Alexander watched Skylar and her two friends take their seats near the back. He noticed several blokes turn their heads as they walked by. Many people said cheerful hellos to the girls before returning to their own friends. Clearly, Skylar and her friends were well-known and well-liked in this school. Her long, dirty-blonde hair was left loose and curled. Her uniform was the only one in the classroom with added embellishments and accessories. Alexander was still trying to wrap his head around the fact that she was now his student. It didn't seem possible. He didn't know she was just sixteen…

The bell rang, signaling the start of class. The soft buzz of the class died down as everybody quickly ended their conversations. Skylar took her seat and turned her head to face him. Her face was unreadable. She acted like they'd never even met, which was exactly what he expected. After quickly glancing at her friends, Skylar gave him a quick nod, encouraging him to begin.

Alexander took the hint. He cleared his throat and turned to face the rest of his students. "Hello, everybody. Welcome to your first N.E.W.T level class." He leaned against the desk, gaining confidence. "I'm not going to lie to you. This class isn't easy, but I reckon I can get you lot through it."

A hand flew into the air. It was the dark haired girl sitting beside Skylar. "Question, already?" Alexander raised his eyebrows. Skylar and the other blonde girl beside her exchanged smirks.

"Yes," the dark-haired girl said importantly. "Professor Bennett, is it true you spent the past year studying different dark objects around the world? Are you going to be introducing these dark objects in this course? Are we going to learn proper defenses against them? Also, I ready the textbook over the summer and—"

Alexander held his hand up. "Woah, there, hold on. What was your name again?"

"Grace Rhodes," she replied.

"Okay, first off, Grace, don't call me Professor Bennett. That makes me sound old. Call me Alexander or Professor Alexander. I don't really care which one. Second, yes, I did spend the past year travelling. And yes, I have brought several artifacts to show you throughout the year; however, I don't think we'll get to that until second semester." He paused, grinning at her. "Lastly, did you seriously read the entire textbook over the summer?"

Grace nodded.

Alexander laughed. "Brilliant. You're my new favorite student."

Grace beamed. Skylar and her other friend rolled their eyes. "What's new?" a boy in the back muttered. Grace shot the boy a dirty look.



* * *



Victoire leaned back in her seat and watched Professor Alexander. He was in the midst of a speech about the things they'd be covering that term. He already had most of the students mesmerized whether by his good lucks or cool personality.

"So, what do you think?" Victoire asked in a low voice.

Grace, who was scribbling down notes, briefly looked at her. "He talks at a good pace. It makes it easier to take notes."

Skylar smirked. "He's as handsome as I remember."

Victoire frowned. "What do you mean? We've only seen him once before."

Skylar froze. "Erm…"

Grace shushed both of them.

Victoire rolled her eyes and leaned in closer to Skylar. "So, how old do you think he is?" she whispered.

"Old enough for it to be against the rules," Skylar muttered grumpily.

Victoire smiled. "What do you care? He's not a sexy Italian with an accent."

Skylar laughed. "I will meet my Italian, Weasley. Just you wait."

Grace slammed her quill down and turned to glare at her friends. "Honestly, you two!"

"You know, you've been more uptight than usual since you and Bishop broke up," Skylar told her.

A ripple of annoyance crossed Grace's face. "If you two don't shut up, we're going to get in trouble."

"So?" Victoire teased. "You're already his favorite student."

Overheard, the bell rang and Alexander dismissed the class. Everybody began to shuffle out, discussing the lesson eagerly.

Victoire sighed as they stood up from their seats. "Grace, what's the matter with you? You've been weird since we got here."

Grace stared straight ahead. "I'm fine," she said defiantly as they made their way outside the classroom.

"Is this about Luke?" Skylar asked.

"No."

"He misses you too, you know," Victoire told her quietly.

"I don't miss him, okay. We broke up. I'm moving on." Grace strode ahead of them angrily.

Victoire and Skylar exchanged looks.

"You know she's not okay, right," Skylar said.

"I know," Victoire muttered. "But we just have to give her time."

Skylar nodded before cursing loudly. "I forgot my book back in the DADA room."

Victoire checked her watch. "You've still got time to go get it. I'll tell Professor Longbottom why you're late."

"Okay," Skylar said as she turned around. "Thanks!"

She sprinted back toward the classroom. Inside, Alexander was sitting on top of his desk eating a banana. Skylar stopped abruptly in the doorway and stared at him, openmouthed.

When he noticed her standing in the door way, he raised his eyebrows. "Now, I know my class was good, but I didn't think you'd literally come running back for more.

"Don't flatter yourself," Skylar said with a small smile. She flipped her hair back. "I forgot my book."

"Likely story."

"It is likely considering my book is right over there," Skylar said, grabbing the large textbook on the edge of the dark brown table in the back. "Speaking of which, I have some complaints to file about this ruddy textbook. Did you really have to assign such a large book?"

Alexander looked offended. "That is an excellent book, Skylar! You should try reading it and maybe talking less in class."

"Merlin, you were meant for this teaching job. You sound like one already."

"Okay, I'm sorry. But seriously, you should read the textbook. It's actually quite interesting."

Skylar smiled at him. "You obviously don't know me very well. I don't read. That's more Gracie's territory."

"Why not?" Alexander wondered. "Reading's fun."

Skylar gave him an odd look. "It's just not me. The whole smarty pants, reads all the textbooks before term even begins…that's Gracie. Now, ask me to walk down a runway in high heels, and I'm your girl."

"You can do more, Skylar," Alexander told her.

"Maybe. Maybe not. But I like modeling. I don't need anything more."

Alexander shook his head. "I want to see you participating in class more."

Skylar snorted. "You can't be serious."

"I spent an entire summer with you. I know how smart you are. I know how capable you can be. I'm expecting to see that girl in my class from now on."

Skylar stared at him before giving him a small smile. "You know, you're really good at this."

Alexander hopped off his desk. "Yeah?" He rubbed the back of his neck nervously. "How was the first class? Did it seem like I was trying too hard? Did my talking drag on too long? Do you reckon your classmates liked me?"

"You were great," Skylar told him sincerely. She gave him a meaningful look before turning around and leaving him alone in the empty classroom. She swung her backpack over her shoulder and securely gripped her thick textbook in one arm. Alexander watched her leave, her dirty blonde hair swinging behind her.

"Merlin, I'm in trouble," he muttered to himself before shaking his head.





Shirtsleeves


And I'll hold on to the words you spoke of

Anchored down in the throat, love

And I'm captain of this sinking boat now

With just one armband to carry me home

-Ed Sheeran



* * *



Fall came quickly that year. The orange and red leaves began to litter the school grounds and Hagrid was often seen raking up the mess with Fang following closely behind him. The pumpkin patch outside Hagrid's house was once again visible and first years clamored around the giant pumpkins eagerly. Most of the students had gotten back into the swing of their classes. Most people were getting accustomed to the new teachers and new changes at Hogwarts.

With the pressure of the O.W.L.s over, the sixth years were free to enjoy school again. They looked at the incoming fifth years with pity, remembering the sleepless nights, mental breakdowns, and tears from the year before.

"Poor devils," Skylar said with a sigh on one particularly windy day. Victoire had dragged her to the Quidditch pitch to check out the new stadium upgrades that had been implemented over the summer. "They don't even know what's coming." She shook her head grimly before turning her attention back to the quaffle in her hand. "So, how's the new Keeper doing?"

"He's no Teddy," Victoire muttered. "And the Beaters are nothing compared to Finn and Luke. I have no idea how we're going to win the game against Ravenclawe next weekend."

"Are we really that bad?" she asked, tossing Victoire the ball.

"I mean, we're not horrible…but last year we were great."

Skylar sighed glumly. Losing Quidditch games put the entire House in funk. The Gryffindors tended to get depressed or moody after losing a game. It hurt their egos. That's why they had to win the first game of the season. It would set the tone for the rest of the year.

Victoire checked her watch. "I guess Gracie's really not coming, then?"

"Are you surprised?" Skylar grumbled.

Victoire sighed glumly. She was really excited to show Gracie the new goal posts and the shiny new bleachers. Grace had been raised around Quidditch thanks to her dad's obsession. Unlike Skylar, Grace understood how the game worked and understood why Victoire would get excited over something as trivial as new goal posts. Skylar, on the other hand, was more interested on the cuts new Beater.

Then again, it was probably best that Grace hadn't come. She was becoming a nightmare. She'd gotten steadily worse over the past few weeks. Her mood swings and bitter remarks were more frequent than ever. Nobody was quite sure what had gotten under Gracie's skin: her break up with Luke, her new baby sister, her constant fighting with her dad, Heidi…or maybe it was a combination of it all. Whatever the reason, nobody could stand to be around Grace for more than a few minutes. She would either snap at you for attempting to talk to her or take points off from your house for breathing too loudly in the hallways. Either way, it didn't end well. First years fled in the opposite direction whenever they saw her coming. The older kids would swiftly walk past her with their heads bowed down.

"She's a nightmare, honestly!" Skylar hissed to Victoire one morning.

Victoire snuck a glance in Grace's direction. She was standing in front of the mirror, meticulously smoothing out her skirt. "She's just going through a hard time," Victoire rationalized.

Skylar balled her fists. "Oh, I'll give her a hard time."

"Be nice," Victoire warned her. "She's small, but she's scary."

"What are you guys whispering about over there?" Grace demanded, sounding slightly irritated.

"Just talking about how pretty you are," Skylar told her.

Grace rolled her eyes before slinking her backpack over shoulder. "Yeah, right." After reminding the girls that breakfast was nearly over, she marched out of the room, complaining about all the noise some fourth year boys were making downstairs in the common room.

Skylar peered over at Victoire. "So, would this be a good time or a bad time to tell Gracie that Luke has a new girlfriend?"

Victoire glared at her. "Lucas does not have a new girlfriend. He went on one date."

"And how'd it go?"

Victoire sighed. "Not well. He said she wasn't 'Grace-y' enough."

Skylar rolled her eyes. "I swear to Godric I am going to kill those two. What's the point of breaking up if you don't move on. If they still want to be with each other and pine after one another, then why the hell didn't they just stay together? They'd be less miserable. If they don't want to see other people, then they should have stayed together. Honestly!"

"I'm sure they'll move on eventually," Victoire said. "They just need some time. I reckon it's too soon."

"Too soon?" Skylar laughed humorlessly. "It's been months!" she said incredulously.

Victoire bit her lower lip. "Well, what do you reckon we should do? It's not like last year when we could just lock the two of them in a broom closet and have them kiss and make up. They live in different parts of the country now. It's different."

"Either they need to move on or get back together. This constant moping around and taking out her anger on everybody around her has got to stop. I love Grace but I'm not sure how much longer I can deal with this."

"Luke's not much better," Victoire mumbled. "He's so unhappy."

"At least he doesn't turn his unhappiness into anger. You realize the first years run in the opposite direction when they see Gracie coming."

Victoire cracked a small smile. "It's just a phase. She'll return to normal soon."

Skylar looked at her dubiously. "It took her months to get over her anger with you. Remember?"

"Grace also had an alcoholic mother at the time. I reckon she had other things to be angry about."

"Yes, and now Gracie has divorced parents, a cheating father, an annoying new stepmother, and a new half-baby sister that she doesn't want. I reckon that's not much better."

Victoire sighed. "Fine. You'll take Gracie. Talk to her. Get her to figure out what she wants. And I'll take Luke."

"No fair. You get the easy one." Skylar grumbled.

"Or so you think," Victoire muttered.

Luke was definitely not the easy one. The problem was that he pretended to be fine. It was impossible to get him to admit that he was upset or that there was a problem. Victoire talked to him nearly every single day and it seemed that he was only getting worse. According to Finn and Teddy, Luke almost never left his parent's house. He got up early, went to practice, and came home. He never went out with them, he hardly talked to anybody, and his parents were beginning to complain that his room was starting to smell. Finn and Teddy checked up on him every once in a while to make sure he wouldn't drown himself in the shower, but that was as far as they could help him. Sienna had finally had enough one day and marched over to his house after practice. She forced him into taking a shower and changing his clothes. She'd even given him a haircut. After that, things started to get a little better. He'd agreed to go out to dinner with them a few times and even joined them for drinks after practice one day. Things really seemed to have improved when he'd agreed to go out on a date with one of Sienna's friends.

"She's perfect!" Sienna gushed to Victoire through the Witch Mirror the night of the big date. She had gone over to Luke's house to help him get ready, even though Victoire could hear him shouting in the background that he did not need help getting ready for a date. Sienna ignored and him and turned her attention to Victoire. "She's smart and funny. A real easy-going type of girl. Plus, I knew her from my modeling days, so she's gorgeous! And the best part? Everybody knows she's an easy shag and she told me she's not looking for anything serious. It's the perfect rebound! They'll go out on a few dates, snog a bit, and then it'll be over! Nothing serious. A perfect rebound! Then, maybe, he'll meet the right girl again. Or you never know. It could turn out that they really hit it off and she is the right girl." Sienna looked up from the Mirror and made a face. "Change the shirt." Victoire heard muffled cursing in the background as Luke went to change his outfit.

The date, according to Luke, had gone alright. The girl, Alicia, was easy to talk to and she was gorgeous. His complaint? There were no "sparks" or "electricity" between the two of them. It made Luke realize how much he loved Grace and how much he missed her. Since then, Luke had begun reverting back to his old ways. He'd started going out less again. Finn only ever saw him at practice and Teddy only saw him when he came over to make sure Luke was still breathing. The only highlight of the break up, according to Finn, was that Luke was playing better than ever. He'd thrown himself into Quidditch as a means of distraction and it was starting to pay off. Their coach was more than impressed with all the work Luke had been putting into practices and was close to naming him the team's MVP.

Skylar looked at Victoire. "Gracie wasn't wrong. Breakfast will be over soon. We should probably head down if we want to eat anything before class starts."

"Yeah, alright," Victoire said. She grabbed her books and followed Skylar down the stairs. Her mind was still on Luke and Grace. She'd never known two people to be so heartbroken over one another.

"Hey, Vic!" James shouted. He was on the couch with Fred. The two of them were surrounded by other tiny first years. They really were becoming quite popular. Then again, Victoire expected nothing less from James Potter and Fred Weasley. They were the most outgoing, friendly, yet obnoxious eleven year old boys in the school. And coming from such a well-known family probably did a lot to boost their popularity. Even the older kids loved the two young new pranksters at the school. They called them the new Finn and Teddy.

"What's up, Jay?" Victoire asked. "Freddy?"

"We're excited to go on the first Hogsmeade trip of the year!" Fred told her eagerly, holding up the flyers that had been put up yesterday.

Skylar raised her eyebrows. "You're eleven. You can't go."

"Says you," James said with a snicker. He glanced at the group around him before leaning in closer to the two girls and lowering his voice. "We've got a little help from my grandpa."

"Ah, yes, the Marauder's Map," Victoire said with a wistful sigh. "Merlin, I wish I could have inherited something as cool as that."

"You inherited being a veela," Skylar said with an eyeroll.

"So?"

"So, you have those veela-y powers where you can convince people to do whatever you want. That's pretty damn cool if you ask me."

Fred looked at his cousin impressively. "I wish I was a veela."

"It's a good thing you're not," James told him. "You'd be irresistible."

"I already am," Fred said grimly as if all his good looks and charm were a burden.

Skylar took a step back. "I'm sensing a mini Finn and a mini Teddy here, and I'm starting to get concerned. We do not need another set of those two idiots."

Victoire snorted before looking at her two cousins again. "You two morons be careful, alright? Grace and Luke once got trapped in an underground tunnel."

"Yeah, yeah," James mumbled already returning to his friends.

"Good talking," Fred said absentmindedly before turning his attention away from them.

Skylar and Victoire exchanged looks before heading out the common room together.

"I think the best way for Gracie to move on from Luke is for her to go out on a date," Skylar said thoughtfully after a moment.

Victoire laughed. "Gracie? On a date? Skye, come on. We need to be serious."

"I am! Luke got his rebound. Now, Gracie needs hers."

"Good luck convincing her."

"Thank you. I know you're being sarcastic but I'll take all the luck I can get."

Victoire glanced sideways at Skylar. "You know, Skye, it's actually been a while since you've been on a date."

"What's your point?"

"Don't you want to meet a nice bloke?"

"Not unless he's Italian."

Victoire smiled. "Come on, Skye. I'm serious. You haven't been in a serious relationship in nearly a year. Not since Teddy."

"And look how well that worked out for me. He ended up being in love with you."

Victoire froze, her face reddening. "Skye—"

Skylar took a deep breath. "I didn't mean it like that…I don't blame you…it's just…I'm not interested in having my heart broken again. The next time I go out with a guy…he's got to be special. It can't be just anyone."

Victoire swallowed. "How do you know if somebody's special if you don't give anybody a shot?"

"Trust me, I'll know." Skylar stared straight ahead. The two girls were about to pass Professor Alexander. He was leaning against the wall casually, a thick book in his hand. Several fifth year girls were clamored around him, ambushing him with flirty questions and giggling uncontrollably. He looked around helplessly before spotting Skylar. He shot her a small grin. Skylar blushed and quickly looked away.

Victoire was searching her backpack for her Witch Mirror. "I wonder why Teddy hasn't called me yet. He calls me every morning before class."

"He's probably just busy," Skylar murmured. "How long until he finishes Auror training?"

"December," Victoire replied anxiously. She bit her lower lip nervously. "He starts going on real missions this week though. I mean, he's not leading and mostly he's observing and staying out of the way…"

Skylar's eyes widened. "Bloody hell! That's so exciting!"

"And nerve-racking." Victorie gulped. "These missions are so dangerous…"

"Get used to it because pretty soon he'll be going on real missions. He won't be just observing."

"I know. It terrifies me." Victoire looked at her miserably, imagining all the horrible, bloody things that could go wrong on one of his missions. "I mean, I reckon my family's had enough bad luck with dark magic as it is. I don't need anything happening to Teddy too."

Skylar looked at Victoire, remembering how much the war affected her family. Victoire had lost so many people before she'd even gotten a chance to know them. "Vic, nothing's gonna happen to him. I've seen Teddy in Defense. He's good. And he won't let anything keep him away from you."

"I hope so," Victoire muttered.





Sitting, Waiting, Wishing


Loving somebody don't make them love you

Must I always be waiting waiting on you?

Must I always be playing playing your fool?

-Jack Johnson



* * *



Sienna stood back, examining her options. "I don't know…" she said slowly.

"Sienna, have you made a decision between the two backup singers yet?" A woman with square glasses and a clipboard asked.

"I liked the blonde one," Chase cut in. "She had the best voice. Plus, she was bloody fit."

Sienna hesitated.

"Sienna, have you made a decision yet?" George, her stylist, asked, holding up two dresses.

"Sienna, quick, I need a time that the backup dancers can come in to audition."

"Well…"

"Sienna! We need a final decision for the album cover!" A frantic woman strode forward, clutching several pictures.

Roger, one of her advisors, glanced up from his clipboard. "Hey, Sienna, have you decided on the set list yet?"

Chase looked at her, his eyebrows raised, and shrugged. Sienna let out an anxious groan.

"Managing well without your mum?" A cool, cold voice said.

Sienna swiveled around. She was stunned to see her mother, Lucille Ellis, standing before her. Lucille had her arms crossed, a smug expression on her face. She raised her eyebrows haughtily before flipping her blonde hair back in a very Skylar-ish manner.

"Mother," Sienna greeted coldly.

Lucille looked around at all the people waiting for Sienna to make decisions. "The white dress will wash you out," Lucille said, nodding toward the dresses George was still holding up. "I'd go with the red."

"That's exactly what I said!" George agreed, looking to Sienna for approval.

"Fine, red it is," Sienna said miserably before sending George away. "Chase, will you hold the fort down. I need to speak with my dearest mother for a moment."

"Can I pick the blonde back up singer?" he asked hopefully.

"No." She jerked her head toward her mother and motioned for mother to follow her toward the table full of snacks. "Is there a reason you're here?" she asked coldly.

Lucille put her hands on her hips. "Can't a mother come pay her daughter a visit?"

"You and Dad haven't spoken to me in weeks. Why the sudden interest now?"

"You moved out without telling us! How did you expect us to react?"

"Not like this." Sienna glanced back at Chase. He fiddling with his drum sticks nervously, listening as everybody ambushed him with more questions and decisions to make. "Mum, I'm a tad bit busy here. I'm trying to plan my worldwide tour, so if you'd please—"

"Sienna, you are in over your head. You haven't the slightest clue about how to plan a tour!"

"Oh, and you do?"

"I managed you for months while you were on tour with the Weird Sisters. I picked up a few things."

Sienna rolled her eyes. "Well, now it's my turn."

"I can help you." Lucille sighed. "It's stressful and you need to rest up your voice. Your biggest concern right now should be the music. I can take care of the rest if you'd let me."

Sienna let out a humorless laugh. "I should've known. You didn't come here to see me. You came here because you want your job as my manager back. You're interested in the money and fame and power…like you always are…"

"I was volunteering to help my daughter out. If you don't want my help, then just say so. Just know that I've got loads more experience and knowledge about this business than you do."

"And your help will be appreciated when I ask for it."

"Fine."

The two of them glared at each other for several seconds. Finally, Sienna sighed. "If that's all, then you can go. I have people waiting on me."

"I didn't come here to try to get my manager job back, Sienna."

"No?"

"I came because I wanted to see my daughter whom I haven't spoken to in weeks—"

"Through no fault of my own! There was nobody stopping you from coming to see me or speak to me." Sienna snapped.

Lucille took a deep breath. "It's not like you were exactly stopping by our house either."

"You made it pretty clear I wasn't welcome back home, mother."

"Your father and I miss you, Sienna."

"Doubtful," Sienna muttered.

"Your father wants you to come by tonight for dinner. Bring Findley. We'd love to see the two of you together."

Sienna hesitated.

"Please." Lucille took her daughter's hand. "It's just one dinner."

"I'll talk to Finn," Sienna agreed. "If he agrees, then we'll both come by."

Lucille beamed. "Brilliant! We'll see you tonight at seven, then?"

"Only if Finn agrees," Sienna reminded her.

"Yes, yes! Of course."

"Erm…Sienna!" Chase called after her. "You know, I'm only the drummer."

"I have to go," Sienna said to her mother before scurrying back to Chase. He was being grilled by ten different people, being pressed to make a decision about lighting or backup dancers or some other nonsense.



* * *



Luke always wondered what the girls were doing at school. Hogwarts seemed like a lifetime ago to him. Back then, playing for the Chudley Cannons was just a distant and unrealistic dream, something he though would never happen. Back then, he fell asleep most nights with Gracie in his arms. Back then, sitting in the Great Hall and eating breakfast across from Victoire was just a part of his everyday routine. Luke wished he could go back for just a day to tell himself to soak in every moment that Grace would gently kiss him or remember every second that Victoire would smile at him from across the hallway. He would tell himself to stop complaining about the homework and maybe resent Teddy a little less for scheduling an early morning practice. He would kill to have Teddy across the field for him, saving the goals made by other teams. He would do anything to have Grace kiss him again like she used to. Luke hadn't spoken to her in months. Victoire would give him updates on her, but she didn't like to talk too much about Grace. She kept saying he needed to move on.

Luke didn't know much about what was going on with Grace nowadays. He wondered if she was still struggling with having a new baby sister or if she had started talking to her dad again. Luke had run into Henry and Aimee at the grocery store the other day. His mum had sent him to buy some milk. Aimee and Henry were standing by the produce section picking out the best looking vegetables. Henry was the first to see him. Luke heard a little boy call out his name and he turned around to see the two of them grinning at him from the other end of the aisle. Aimee had ushered him over eagerly.

"Lucas, how have you been?" Aimee beamed, giving him a tight hug. "We've missed you at the house."

Henry was grinning at him ecstatically. "We read about you in the Daily Prophet! They said you were the newest member of the Chudley Cannons!"

Luke nodded, giving the eager boy a smile. "Me and Finn. Yep."

"That's bloody brilliant," Henry said enviously.

"You like the Chudley Cannons?" Luke asked.

"I do now!"

Luke laughed. "Brilliant. Maybe I can score you and your mum some tickets."

Henry's eyes widened. "Holy cricket! That'd be bloody brilliant!"

Aimee gave him an apologetic smile. "Oh, Luke, honey, you really don't have to do that."

"It's not big deal," Luke told her. "I get free tickets anyway."

Something in Aimee's purse buzzed and she reached inside. "Sorry. It's my Witch Mirror. I have to take this." She stepped aside, tapping the Witch Mirror.

Luke turned back to Henry. "So...erm...how's your sister doing?"

Henry looked at him. "She probably wants me to tell you that she's doing brilliant."

"Oh, yeah?"

"But it's not true."

Luke's smile faltered. "Is that so?" He lowered his voice. "Has she spoken to your dad at all?"

"Nope," Henry said. "Dad and Heidi are really upset. They keep writing to her."

"That's a mistake," Luke said. "When Gracie's ready, she'll come to you. You can't push her."

"That's what I keep telling them."

"So, how are you doing, buddy? It can't be easy on you either. Are you getting along better with your dad?"

Henry considered the question. "Mum says I have to be nice to him. So I am."

"And Heidi?"

"She's not so bad. She takes me out for ice cream sometimes."

"You're not mad at them anymore?"

Henry shrugged. "I guess not. I have to see them every other weekend. It's not worth being angry. Besides, it's better with my dad being gone. My mum's happier."

Luke paused, impressed by how mature little Henry had gotten. The divorce and his mum's drinking problem had really forced him to grow up. "That's good, buddy. And your new baby sister. Is she cute?"

"Yeah, I guess so. She doesn't really do much though. She just kinda lays there. She sleeps a lot."

"That sounds about right." Luke snorted. "I don't think babies really do much."

"Sorry about that," Aimee said, returning. "It was just my sister."

"It's not a problem." Luke checked his watch. "I should get going. My mum's waiting on me."

Aimee nodded. "It was really good seeing you, Lucas. I was very upset when I learned about yours and Grace's break up. You were really good to my daughter. Thank you."

Luke's heart sank. "Well, Grace was really good to me too. I miss her."

"So do I," Aimee replied sadly.



* * *



Sienna leaned against the doorway and crossed her arms. Finn was fast asleep on the bed with only his boxers on. She clucked her tongue impatiently. "So, this is why you haven't been answering my calls on the Witch Mirror, then?"

Finn barely stirred. Grinning, Sienna strode forward. She climbed on top of him, plopping herself on top of his torso. "Hey, wake up, idiot."

"Sienna, it's my one day off," Finn muttered, his eyes still closed.

Sienna slid off him and onto the bed. "My mum came by today."

Finn sat up instantly, his eyes wide. "What?"

"My mother came by today," she repeated.

"Why? Your parents haven't spoken to you since you moved out."

"Yeah, I know."

Finn's eyes were wide. "What did she want?"

"She wanted to invite me and you to dinner tonight."

"Are we going?" Finn asked her.

"I don't know." Sienna stared at her hands. "What do you think?"

He took a deep breath. "Babe, this could be a trap. It could just be your mum up to her old tricks." He paused. "But it could be that she's really trying to reach out to you."

"Well, if your mum and dad came to you and invited you to dinner, what would you say?" Sienna wondered.

"Fat chance of that happening," Finn snorted. "I get one letter a week from my mum since I moved in with Teddy. Other than that, I don't expect to see them again until Christmas."

"Sounds like a sweet deal to me."

"It'd be even sweeter if my parents didn't suck and I could actually have a relationship with them."

Sienna squeezed his hand. "Your dad's an idiot, Finn. He's missing out on one hell of a son."

Finn smiled and gave her a sweet kiss. "So, what time are we going to your parent's?"

"We're going?" Sienna said, surprised. "What if it's all just a trick?"

"Then we'll leave." He rested his hand on her leg. "But if it's not a trick, you might actually have a chance of having parents that care about you."

Sienna flopped back on the bed. "They want us over at seven."

Finn laid down next to her. "Okay, then." He peered over at her with a small grin. "Hey, guess what?"

"What?"

"I'm getting really sexy since joining the Chudley Cannons. Ask Teddy. He agrees with me."

Sienna burst into laughter. "I'm sorry?"

"Baby, check out my abs." He motioned to his stomach impressively.

"I swear. You and Teddy should just date. He's more into you than I am."

Finn grinned. "Teddy and I would have great looking kids."

"Not as great looking as his and Victoire's kids," Sienna pointed out.

"That's no fair. She's a freaking veela for crying out loud. I can't compare with that!"

Sienna giggled before rolling sideways. "But you aren't wrong. You are very sexy." She leaned down, giving him an intense kiss.



* * *



Teddy poured the butterbeer into his glass. "So, how were they?"

"Henry seemed fine. I reckon he's handling the divorce and new baby a lot better than Gracie is." Luke leaned against the kitchen counter. "Then again, I have no clue how Grace is really doing. Victoire and Skylar won't tell me anything. They keep saying I need to move on."

"You do," Teddy replied before taking a sip of his drink.

"Bishop, you're here!" Sienna walked into the kitchen, looking surprised. She was dressed in a simple pink dress with her hair up into an elegant braid.

"Teddy's forcing me to go out tonight," he told her. "By the way, you look brilliant."

She blushed. "Why thank you. Finn and I are going to have dinner with my parents tonight." She tugged at her dress nervously. "I can't give my mum any reason to criticize me."

Teddy grimaced at her. "Good luck with that."

"S, are you ready to go?" Finn asked, walking into the kitchen. He froze, spotting Luke. "Bishop, you're out of your room! It's been a while, mate!"

"Finn, you saw me at practice just yesterday. We play the same position."

"I meant it's been a while since I've seen you outside of practice. You're always holed up in your room being all depressed and moody."

Sienna eyed Finn's outfit. He looked a lot more clean cut than usual. "Your shirt's a tad bit wrinkly."

"It wouldn't be so wrinkly if I didn't have all your ruddy clothes stuffed into my dresser!" Finn rolled his eyes.

Teddy raised his eyebrows. "I still don't understand why the two of you don't live together. I mean, you never spend a night apart. You're both either here or at Sienna's apartment. All your clothes and belongings are split between both places. It must be impossible to keep track of everything."

"That's what I'm saying," Finn exclaimed. "But she refuses to sell her apartment."

"I'm not moving in with my boyfriend straight out of Hogwarts!" Sienna snapped.

"And why not? Your apartment's gonna be empty for months anyway when you're on your tour."

Luke perked up. "So, you're really doing the tour thing?"

"Yes." Sienna smiled mischievously at him. "And I'm giving you two tickets for my first show."

"Two? Why?"

"One for you and one for Alicia," she said simply.

"I'm not bringing Alicia."

"Fine, then some other girl."

Teddy clapped his hands together. "I have a cute coworker you might be interested in," he said helpfully.

"Not interested," Luke told them.

"Because none of them are Grace?" Finn asked.

"Exactly."

"Dude. You really need to move on." Sienna shook her head grimly before checking Finn's wrist for the time. "And we need to get going. It's 6:45."

Finn clasped her hand into his. "Alright then. I'll see you two later," he said to Luke and Teddy.

"Are you guys meeting us at the bar for drinks after?" Teddy asked.

Finn and Sienna exchanged looks. "Probably," Finn finally said.

Sienna nodded. "After an evening with my parents, we'll need as many drinks as we can get."

Luke laughed. Teddy cracked a small smile.



* * *



Sienna and Finn stared at the large wooden double doors before them.

"It's not too late to turn around, you know," Sienna said nervously, glancing at Finn.

Finn took her hand. "Knock on the door, S," he said quietly.

"I mean, I'm sure they wouldn't mind," she continued. "We could just tell them I wasn't feeling well."

"The door, Sienna."

Taking a shaky breath, Sienna took a step forward and knocked on the wooden doors. A plump woman opened the door a moment later. When she saw Sienna, her face split into an easy smile. "Ms. Ellis, it's nice to have you back."

"Delia, hello," Sienna said, relaxing. She leaned forward and lowered her voice. "How are they...my parents?"

Delia gave her a sympathetic smile. "Your father misses you very much, Miss."

"And my mother?"

Delia hesitated.

"Delia, is that Sienna?" Clark Ellis came striding into the foyer. When he saw Finn and Sienna standing in the doorway together, holding hands, his face erupted into an eager smile. "You came?" he exclaimed, surprised. Clark took a few steps forward. "Your mother said you would come, but..."

Sienna let go of Finn's hand and stepped inside. "It's good to see you, Dad."

"May I take your coats?" Delia asked.

Finn helped Sienna remove her jacket. "Thanks, Delia," he muttered before handing her his own coat.

"Findley, I'm glad you're also joining us," Clark added nervously.

"Thank you for the invitation," Finn said, shaking the man's hand.

Clark rubbed his hands together nervously. "Shall we go into the sitting room?"

Sienna stepped forward and gave her dad a tight hug. "There's no need to be nervous, Dad. I'm here, aren't I?"

"Yes, you are, aren't you."

"Where's Mum?" Sienna wanted to know.

"She'll be down in a minute." He motioned toward the sitting room. "Shall we?"

Finn and Sienna followed Clark into the sitting area. Three glasses of wine were floating in the air, awaiting them. Finn and Sienna took a seat together on the couch across from Clark. He grinned at them nervously before reaching out for his glass. "So, how have you been, Sienna?"

"Erm...well, I don't know if you've heard, but we've started planning my tour. My album is going to officially be released November first. There's going to be a release party actually. And then I'm booked for several press interviews and conferences to publicize the album."

"And when do you leave for your tour?"

"January," she replied. "My first show will be in London."

Clark looked at her in amazement. "Merlin, it's all happening so fast."

Finn put his arm around Sienna affectionately. "Aren't you proud of our girl?"

"Very proud," he replied with an astounded smile. "And you did it all on your own, Sienna..."

"Well, she did receive some help." Lucille Ellis was standing in the doorway of the sitting room. "Let's not forget who accompanied her on her tour with the Weird Sisters." Lucille took a sip from the glass of wine she had in her hand. "Or have we forgotten all about mummy?"

"Of course not, Mum," Sienna said with a sigh. "I'm very grateful for all your help."

"So grateful that you moved out without telling a soul."

"Lucille," Clark hissed.

"No, it's fine, Dad." Sienna glared at her mother. "I'm eighteen, Mother. I have been a legal adult for over a year now. I can do whatever the hell it is that I want. Is this why you wanted me to come here tonight? Is this why you came to me today? Did you just want to start another fight?"

"I came because I wanted to see my daughter," Lucille replied coolly before taking a seat beside her husband. "Call me crazy but I missed my daughter."

"Funny because after I moved out, I believe your exact words were good riddance."

"I was upset."

"Clearly."

"Sienna," Finn said in a low voice.

"Findley, forgive me," Lucille said suddenly. "I didn't even say hello."

"It's no problem," Finn said sheepishly. "It's good to see you."

Clark sat up, looking between the two of them eagerly. "I must say, I'm really happy you two are here...together...Findley, I've been keeping track of your stats. I have a buddy who is friends with the coach of the Chudley Cannons. I've been hearing great things about you and Lucas."

Sienna smiled at Finn. "Finn and Luke have been brilliant, Dad. I've seen their practices and I think they're the best players on the team. You should come to their first game."

"I wouldn't go as far as best players," Finn said, embarrassed.

Clark's eyes lit up. "Oh, I bet you are. You know, it's a shame Teddy didn't go pro as well. You boys were always so good."

"Well, Teddy's been doing pretty well as an auror," Finn said. "He really loves it."

"You should bring Teddy around some day," Clark told Sienna. "I miss him."

Sienna nodded. "Of course, Dad."



* * *



Teddy sat at the bar and looked around. "You're right. No girl here is all that good looking."

"That's because you've got Victoire," Luke told him. "And you love her and nobody can compare to her."

"That might be true."

"I know it's true because it's exactly how I feel about Grace."

Teddy groaned. "I finally convince you to come out and all you do is talk about Grace. For Godric's sake, you two broke up!"

"I know that," Luke snapped.

"Luke, aren't you tired of waiting around for Grace? She ended things with you! You have to move on at some point."

"You didn't give up when it was you and Victoire." Luke crossed his arms. "If I remember correctly, you waited years for her to finally go out with you."

Teddy opened and closed his mouth. "Yes, but—"

"And," Luke continued, "didn't Findley pine over Sienna for months after she went on tour?"

"Oh, alright, fine. Wait around for Grace if you wish, but don't stop living your life. Don't let her dominate every single one of your thoughts."

"Easier said then done."

"It is easy," Teddy told him. He motioned to the bartender for refills. "Like now, we don't have to look for girls. We can just talk."

"Talk?"

"Yes! About anything except Gracie." Teddy sat back. "Tell me about work."

"Not much to tell," Luke told him. "I wake up. I fly. I hit bludgers with bats. I go home."

"You're not very good at this talking thing."

Luke rolled his eyes. "Fine, then you tell me about work."

"No way! I always do the talking! It's your turn, Bishop. Come on, I'm not asking you to pick up a girl or go on a date. Just hang out with your friends and forget about Grace for thirty seconds."

"I'm pathetic, aren't I?"

"Yes, but for many other reasons."

Luke smiled. "Well, actually, our keeper did something kinda funny at practice yesterday."

"Good! Now we're getting somewhere. Tell me about it."

"Well, we were doing our flying drills when..."



* * *



"Dinner's ready," Delia told them.

"Excellent!" Clark replied, standing up. "Come along! Sienna, I asked Delia to make your favorite!"

Sienna smiled. "Thanks, Dad."

Lucille pursed her lips. "So, you like your father, then."

"Excuse me?" Sienna gave her a quizzical look. "Of course I like my father."

"Well that's obvious considering you've barely spoken a word to me, but you clearly have no issues speaking with your precious dad."

"Dad isn't throwing insults at me every chance he gets," Sienna said through gritted teeth.

"Mrs. Ellis," Delia said soothingly, "I'm sure Sienna is very glad to see you."

"Know your place, Delia," Lucille barked.

"Don't talk to Delia like that!" Sienna snapped.

"Sienna, honey, it's quite alright," Delia said nervously.

"Sienna," Finn murmured.

"You're standing up for the help?" Lucille scoffed.

Clark glanced around uncomfortably. "That's enough, ladies."

"Yes, mother, because the help are the people that raised me. Not you." Sienna stormed away, slamming the front door behind her.

Finn glanced at Clark and Lucille. He sighed. "Erm...I should go after her..."

Clark raised his hand. "No, I'll go." Finn started to protest but Clark silenced him. "She's my daughter, Findley. I haven't spoken to her in weeks. I'm not letting that happen again."

He left Finn and Lucille alone. Lucille turned to glare at Delia. "I recommend you keep your thoughts to yourself unless your input is asked for," she said viciously.

"Of course, madam," Delia said obediently before scurrying away.

Finn glanced at the door uncomfortably. "I can wait outside if you want me to."

Lucille took a seat. "Nonsense. Sit down, Findley. I want to speak with you."

Finn gulped before taking a seat. "Okay."

"Sienna may hate me, but I've always done what I thought was best for her. I set her up with the best schools, introduced her to the most elite and influential people of the times, given her the best clothes and belongings that money can buy, and I made sure she got the best of opportunities." Lucille crossed her legs. "Yet, somehow, I'm still the bad guy."

"Sienna needs a mother, Mrs. Ellis. Not a manager."

Lucille looked surprised at him. "I don't believe I've ever seen you take up such a hostile tone with me before, Findley."

"I'm not going to stand here and watch you continuously break your daughter's heart," Finn told her angrily.

"You would know all about that, wouldn't you?" she said coldly. "Sienna doesn't tell me things, but I've always kept a very watchful eye on her. I know all about what your relationship was like at Hogwarts. I know how badly you treated my daughter. I know how long it took for the two of you to finally work things out."

Finn faltered. "I-"

"And I know all about Eva. I know everything, Findley."

"Then you must also know how hard I worked to make things right with Sienna, how hard I worked for a second chance."

Lucille smiled. "Don't worry, Findley. I'm also very aware of how much you love my daughter."

"More than anything in this world," Finn told her seriously.

"I don't disapprove of your relationship. On the contrary, actually, I always hoped you would come to your senses and realize what a great match you and my daughter would make."

"Really?" Finn said, surprised. His anger disappeared for an instant.

"You were a good boy, Finn. You were just a little lost. Clark and I always knew you would amount to great things. You're a West, you come from a respectable family, and you're talented. You're just what Sienna needs. I feared she wouldn't realize that. I feared she'd continue to date beneath her. I was worried you'd really screwed up and Sienna would be brought down by that horrendous boy. Michael. He was so average, so ordinary."

"So, you like me because of my name? Because I come from wealth and power. You think I will help Sienna maintain her elite status?" Finn felt sick.

"I like you because you're Sienna's equal. You've finally realized your potential Findley and you'll go far in life. Sienna needs a partner like that. She won't ever need to take care of you. You won't bring her down." Lucille sighed. "I'm just trying to look out for my daughter."

"Sienna doesn't need you trying to manipulate her. She just needs you to be there, to support her. Maybe say something positive for once. Tell her she's doing a good job. You're pretty close to losing your daughter forever. And trust me, I've come pretty close to that, and it's the worst thing you can imagine."

Lucille looked at him. "I won't lose Sienna. She's my daughter."



* * *



"Sienna!" Clark chased his daughter down the sidewalk.

Sienna stopped and waited for him to catch up. "I'm tired of it, Dad."

"I know you are," he said soothingly. "It's just...your mother doesn't mean to be that way...it's just...she's never been the nurturing type."

"I'm tired of you making excuses for her. You've been doing it all my life. I don't want to hear them."

Clark sighed. "Your mother was out of line, but you must also know that she missed you immensely."

"She missed the paycheck from being my manager," Sienna said bitterly.

"She missed you, Sienna. It's just hard for her to admit it."

"Yeah, right."

Clark hesitated. "If I tell you something, you must promise never to tell your mother I told you."

"What?"

"She cried."

Sienna blinked. "What?"

"After we found your note, informing us you had moved out, your mother sat in your bedroom and cried."

"She did not."

"For hours." Clark gulped. "I can't promise you that things will change with your mother and that she'll suddenly become a nurturing and affectionate person. But I can promise you that your mother loves you very much, Sienna. She simply wants the best for you. She's afraid she's lost you and she's lashing out. Your mother just doesn't know how to show she cares, but she does care. She cares very much."

Sienna looked back at the enormous house behind her father. "She really cried?"

"You must never tell her I told you this." Clark grimaced. "She'd deny it."

"But why?" Sienna's eyes stung with tears.

"I don't know, angel. It's just the way she is. As her family, we just have to accept it."

"I can't, Dad."

"Do it for me?" he pleaded. Clark took his daughter's hand. "I only have one daughter, Sienna. I can't lose you. I need you to come around more often. I love you so much, honey." He pulled her into a tight hug. "I never want you to leave us like that again. I know I made my mistakes as a father. I know I wasn't around much when you were a child. I know I allowed my work to keep me away, but I did all of it because I thought it was the best way. I wanted to give you and your mother everything you ever wanted."

Sienna buried her head into her dad's chest. "I know, Daddy."

"I never meant for you to feel unloved or abandoned. You have to know that, Sienna."

Sienna pulled away from him. "Of course I know."

"Just give your mother and me a second chance. Turn around and go back into the house. Please."

Sienna glanced back at the house in which she had grown up. "I'll do it for you, Daddy. Not for her."

Clark nodded, looking relieved. He took his daughter's hand. "Let's go home."



* * *



Dinner was slightly awkward. Sienna returned home like her father had asked and apologized to her mother for running off. Lucille, in turn, apologized for acting so childishly and promised she'd do better. Sienna doubted she would. But she was okay with that. She was used to the ways of her mother. Sienna was okay with the constant criticism because it meant that Lucille cared. Besides, Sienna had accepted a long time ago that she and her mother would never have the traditional mother-daughter relationship.

Sienna told her parents all about her plans for the tour and, after some pointed looks from Finn, invited them to the album's release party. Clark and Lucille were thrilled to be invited and dinner lightened up a bit after the invitation was extended. When dessert was finally finished, Finn and Sienna looked at each other, glad that they could finally leave.

Lucille was walking them back to the entrance, when she suddenly paused. "Oh, I nearly forgot! I had Delia pack up the last of your things, Sienna."

Sienna looked surprised. "Oh. Okay."

"It's all in your bedroom. Would you like me to send it to your new address?"

Sienna glanced upstairs. "You know what, I can just take them now. Findley will help me."

Finn nodded. "It wouldn't be a problem."

"Excellent," Lucille said. "The sooner I get rid of the clutter, the better." She flipped her golden blonde hair back. "I'll be in my bedroom, getting ready for bed. I'll see you two next week for dinner."

"You will?" Sienna spluttered.

Lucille gave her a stern look. "Absolutely. Good night then."

She strode away, calling Delia to begin drawing her bath.

"Did we just commit to another dinner?" Finn asked.

"I think we did," Sienna said, groaning.

"Brilliant," Finn muttered.

"Let's just get the stupid boxes and go."

They started up the stairs. "So," Finn said, "what did your dad say to you to make you turn around?"

"Oh, you know how my parents are. They could convince somebody to jump off the Astronomy Tower." Sienna glanced at him. "What did my mum say to you while I was gone?"

"Not much. Just that Michael was beneath you and the status of my family makes us the perfect match."

"Well, your elite position in society is what attracts me," Sienna said sarcastically.

"On the bright side: at least your parents approve of me," Finn said optimistically.

"Only because of your family's social status!" Sienna said incredulously. She was embarrassed for her mother's behavior.

Finn shrugged. "I can't even be mad because her thinking is exactly the same as my parents' thinking."

"Our parents are such idiots," Sienna muttered.

"Your dad's not so bad," Finn said. "At least he actually genuinely likes me."

"He's the only reason I stick around," Sienna mumbled. "If it weren't for him, I would never speak to my mother again."

Finn looked at her. "Are you okay? Being back here...fighting with your mum..."

"It's just like old times," Sienna said with a shrug. "I can't really complain." She pushed open the door to her bedroom and gasped. It looked exactly the same. She stepped inside and looked around.

"Merlin, it's been ages since I've been in here," Finn said, looking around.

Skylar pointed to the boxes piled up by the window. "There they are."

Finn swished his wand and the boxes disappeared. "All done. Ready to go?"

Sienna took a step forward. "Not yet." She smiled. "Godric, so many memories here..."

Finn eyed the bed and grinned. "Definitely some good ones."

She smacked his arm. "Don't be gross."

"I'm just saying we had many memorable nights in this room," Finn said.

Sienna looked at him. "Thank you for coming, Finn. I couldn't have dealt with this night without you."

Finn pulled her into his arms and gave her a long kiss. "Anything for you."

She wrapped her arms around the back of his neck. "I really do love you."

"Well, that's good. I kinda love you too."



* * *



Teddy spotted them walking in first. They were holding hands, looking exhausted.

"You made it!" he shouted eagerly.

Luke spun around in his seat. "How was the dinner?" he asked.

Finn and Sienna exchanged looks.

"I need a drink first," Sienna said as Teddy made room for her in the booth.

"Two gins over here," Finn said, motioning for the waiter to bring them drinks.

"Long night?" Teddy guessed.

"You have no idea," Finn told them.





Bonfire Heart


Days like these lead to...

Nights like this lead to

Love like ours.

You light the spark in my bonfire heart.

People like us—we don't

Need that much, just some-

One that starts,

Starts the spark in our bonfire hearts

-James Blunt



* * *



Halloween fell on a Saturday that year. It was the first bitingly cold day of the year and the first time the students were allowed to visit Hogsmeade. Everybody awoke that morning with an excited air about them, dreaming of the cold butter beers at the Three Broomsticks and the wide range of acid pops, sugar quills, and chocolate frogs waiting for them at Honeydukes. The younger students, who couldn't go to Hogsmeade, drew comfort on the enormous Halloween Feast happening in the evening for all students. There was going to be turkeys, chickens, steaks, pies, puddings, everything and anything a student could have imagined.

Victoire was the first one up that morning. Teddy had promised to visit her in Hogsmeade that day and she couldn't wait to see him. It'd been two months since they'd last seen each other. Letters and Witch Mirror calls just weren't the same. Victoire longed to hold Teddy's hand, to kiss his lips, to run her fingers through his soft hair...

Skylar and Grace were woken up by Victoire's cries of frustration. She had a pile of clothing beside her feet and was half-dressed. She only had on a lacy blue bra and a pair of dark blue jeans on. A purple shirt was in her hand and she was staring at her reflection in the mirror, looking angry.

"Vic, why the hell are you up this early?" Skylar yawned as she rolled out of bed.

"I'm trying to figure out the perfect outfit," Victoire grumbled, turning to face Skylar.

Grace looked at her, stifling a yawn. "Vic, all your clothing are designer. I don't think you can go wrong with anything."

Skylar sighed longingly and bent over to pick up a black dress. "If only my mother was Fleur Delacour and forced me to buy pretty, expensive clothes."

Victoire walked toward her dresser and began digging through her drawers. "I have to look perfect. It's the first time Teddy's gonna see me since September."

Skylar rolled her eyes. "Vic, you could show up in a trash bag and Teddy would still drool over you." She tossed her a simple long-sleeved, white blouse. "Wear this."

"It's plain," Victoire complained.

"It's perfect," Skylar told her.

Grace slipped out of bed and grabbed a pair of flip flops.

"Where are you going?" Skylar asked, eyeing Grace's odd combination of clothing. She had on Luke's old red oversized Beater t-shirt over her large dark gray sweatpants. Her hair was pulled up in a messy, tangled ponytail and she looked exhausted. All her oversized clothing made her look even shorter and smaller than she already was. She looked like a little kid trying on her older siblings clothes. If it weren't for the miserable look on Grace's face, Skylar would have thought the whole situation was hilarious. "You can't seriously be going out in public like that."

Grace shrugged. "Library."

"But Hogsmeade!" Victoire protested.

"I'm not going," Grace told her.

"What?" Skylar yelped. "Why not?'

Grace looked bored. "I have to study. Besides, what am I going to do in Hogsmeade?"

"Have fun," Victoire suggested.

Skylar shook her head. "I don't think she knows how to…"

"I'll meet you two at the feast later," Grace said as she grabbed her backpack on the way out.

Victoire pulled the white blouse over her shirt. "Should we be at all concerned?"

Skylar considered it. "Probably. But we'll worry about her later." She turned to face Victoire and grinned. "Are you excited to see your boyfriend?"

Victoire beamed. "Yes! I miss him so much."

"Well, then, let's get to Hogsmeade."

After stopping by the library in a last ditch effort to convince Grace to go with them to Hogwarts, Skylar and Victoire followed the flock of students hiking down to Hogsmeade. Grace had told them that she had no interest whatsoever in going into town with them.

"You know what," Skylar said angrily, "I'm sick and tired of her little attitude."

"It's what she does," Victoire said. "When things are bad, Grace retreats into her world of books and school. She shuts everybody that cares about her out. I would know. She didn't talk to me for months last year."

"Well, Grace was going through alot. You had left without a word right when her mum started drinking and her parents were fighting." Skylar shook her head. "Not that things improved that much since then."

"At least her mum isn't drinking anymore," Victoire said.

"Yes, but her parents are divorced and it turns out her dad is a lying, cheating slimeball." Skylar shook her head grimly. "Luke was the one person that could keep her sane and grounded through it all. And she pushed him away."

Victoire grimaced. "Gracie just needs a distraction. She needs something to take her mind off everything. That's why she's thrown herself into her studies."

Skylar's face brightened. "Vic, that's it! We just need to find Gracie another distraction, something besides her grades."

"Why do I feel like this is going to be a bad idea," Victoire murmured.

Skylar grinned. "Do you know what the best kind of distraction is?" she asked mischievously.

"What?" Victoire said in a tired voice.

"Boys."

"I'm sorry?"

"I reckon it's time Grace goes on a date," Skylar said with resolution.

Victoire considered the idea. "That's actually not a horrible idea. You've definitely had worse."

"Thank you," Skylar said pleasantly. "Now, who to set her up with?" she pondered.

"But you're absolutely mental if you think Grace will agree to being set up."

Skylar ignored her. "My new mission: get Gracie laid."

Victoire didn't have time to argue with Skylar because she had just spotted a tall boy with sandy brown hair and hazel eyes. "Teddy!" she squealed, running into his arms.

Teddy wrapped his arms around her and kissed her intensely. "Godric, I missed doing that," he muttered, pulling away.

Skylar had come up behind Victoire. She crossed her arms, smiling at Teddy. "How's it going, Lupin?"

"Not too bad, Grey," Teddy said before pulling her into a tight hug.

Skylar kissed his cheek. "You know, Hogwarts isn't the same without you."

"How could it be? I was the life of this place."

Victoire rolled her eyes. Skylar snorted. "Missing you less now," she told him.

Teddy grinned and casually wrapped an arm around Victoire's waist. "So, where's Grace at?"

"Library," Victoire said. "But she told us to tell you 'hello' and that she misses you."

"Clearly not very much," Teddy replied with a snort. "She really didn't want to come down and say hello?"

"She's had it rough these past couple of weeks," Skylar told him.

"She can't be worse than Luke," Teddy said.

"Oh, you'd be surprised," Victoire muttered.

"Come on," Teddy said, jerking his head toward the cobblestoned street. "You guys can tell me all about Gracie somewhere warmer. You guys fancy a drink at the Three Broomsticks? I'll buy!"

"Actually," Skylar said, "I will not be joining you two today."

"What?" Victoire asked. "How come?"

"I'd rather not third wheel. Besides, you two haven't seen each other in nearly two months. You need some alone time."

Victoire's eyes softened. "Skye, that's not necessary."

"Yes, it is. I know how much you missed him." She hugged Victoire. "I'll see the two of you at the Halloween Feast tonight." She gave her friends a meaningful look before turning around and striding down the cobblestoned streets on her own.

"Where is she going?" Teddy wondered.

"I don't know," Victoire muttered before looking at him. "So, where are we going?"

"Honeydukes?" Teddy offered. "I fancy something sweet..."

Victoire grinned. "Or maybe your place?"

Teddy raised his eyebrows. "Victoire Weasley," he teased before snatching her hands. "Let's go," he said before disapparating.



* * *



Skylar left Victoire and Teddy behind. She trudged forward, heading toward the Three Broomsticks. She had spotted some friends heading in there and thought maybe she could find somebody to join her for a drink or two. There were several students walking down the streets, pointing eagerly to different stores and shops. Skylar almost didn't notice Alexander quickly walking past her, his head staring down at his feet. He looked around quickly before picking up his pace and continuing down the crowded streets.

Her eyebrows raised, Skylar trailed after him. He walked past all the shops and stores until the number of cheerful students dwindled. The cobblestoned roads became quieter and soon there was nobody except them. Alexander stopped in front of the Hog's Head. Skylar watched him trudge through the old, creaky door before following him inside.

"What the hell is this place?" she murmured.

Alexander took a seat at the bar and motioned for the bartender to bring him a drink. Skylar grinned and took a seat beside him. Alexander glanced sideways. When he spotted her, a small smile appeared on his lips. "I thought somebody was following me."

"You were acting odd," she told him simply.

"I was trying not to be seen by my students," he muttered.

Skylar raised her eyebrows. "Ah, so that's why you're in this scary looking bar."

"Exactly," Alexander said just as the barkeep served him a drink. "The Three Broomsticks is crawling with Hogwarts students right now. I just want to go somewhere where I can sit back, relax, and enjoy my drink."

"Hmm…sounds fun! I'll have one too," she informed the bartender.

As the grumpy bartender turned away to make her drink, Alexander turned to look at Skylar and raised his eyebrows. "Skylar, you're underage. You can't drink," he reminded her. "I should tell the bartender not to serve you."

"That's interesting coming from the bloke who used to buy me drinks," Skylar retorted.

"Again, I didn't realize you were only sixteen years old. But now that I do and I'm your professor, I feel obligated to tell the bartender that you're still a student."

She gave him a look. "Remember when you used to be fun?"

"That was over the summer before I was your teacher. I'm pretty sure I could get fired for letting you drink."

Skylar rolled her eyes and reached for his drink. She finished it in one gulp and smiled. "Who's gonna tell?"

Alexander almost looked amused. "You're gonna get me into some deep shit one day, Grey." He shook his head grimly.

"Why's that?"

"I'm letting my underage student drink alcohol outside of school in a bar," he reminded her. "That's bound to catch up to me one day."

She shrugged. "I'd be doing it whether you knew or not."

"Another fire whiskey for me, please," Alexander told the bartender as he finally served Skylar her drink.

"You know," Skylar said, "I like you better outside of class."

"Do you now?"

"Absolutely. You're more fun."

"Oi! I'm loads of fun! My students love me."

"They love your abs, not you," Skylar told him, taking a sip from her glass.

"How do they know I have abs?"

"It's suspected." She shrugged.

"So, is this what you and your friends chitchat about during my class?" Alexander raised his eyebrows. "My imaginary abs?"

"So, they are imaginary?"

"No, they're definitely real. You would know better than anyway."

Skylar grinned. Alexander suddenly gave her a serious look. "Now that I have you alone, Skylar, I would actually like to ask you a few questions."

She gave him a wary look. "Yeah?"

Alexander studied her expression. "Why don't you like my class? All my other students, including Grace and Victoire, manage to put real effort into the class. But you don't. Ever."

Skylar snorted. "Grace pays attention to you because she's Grace. Her whole life revolves around doing well in school. And Victoire has her heart set on becoming a curse breaker like her dad, and she needs to pass your class in order to do that."

"And you?"

"I'm a model with no real skills. I don't need your class for anything."

Alexander looked affronted. "No real skills?" he repeated angrily. "Skye, I spent an entire summer with you. I know how smart you. I don't understand why you don't let other people see it."

Skylar smiled sadly. "Alex, come on."

"No, I want to know why you think so little of yourself."

Skylar laughed. "I don't think little of myself! I know how amazing I am. I looked in the mirror today. I know how great I look. Trust me, Alex, my self-esteem is not an issue."

Alexander raised his eyebrows. "Clearly. I reckon it's a bit too high."

"Shut up," she said with a giggle.

He gave her a serious look. "Come on, Skye. You don't even try in my class. Is it me? Am I just not doing a good job as your teacher."

Skylar's eyes softened and she reached out to squeeze his hand. "Hey, don't be ridiculous. You're an amazing professor. It's just…I don't need Defense Agains the Dark Arts. It doesn't interest me. I don't plan on pursuing a career where I have to use Defense. The only reason I'm taking the class is because I made the mistake of letting Grace sign me up for my classes this term."

"I feel like you've just given up, like you think the fact that you're beautiful is all you have."

"Because it is," Skylar said with a sad a smile. "You see, last year, my friend Sienna got into a fight with a girl named Eva. This girl, Eva, seemed to think that my friends and I were brainless dolts. She thought the only thing we were good for was looking good. I was pissed...but only because I knew she was right. It's the same thing my sister, Melissa, told me."

Alexander stared at her. "Is that why you don't talk to your sister anymore?"

"I don't talk to my sister because when I told her that her fiancé touched me inappropriately, she didn't believe me. She took his side and kicked me out of their wedding. She said some really horrible things to me..."

Alexander opened and closed his mouth. "He took advantage of you?" His voice was low, almost dangerous.

Skylar's eyes glittered with tears. "And Mel didn't even care. She believed him because she thought that the only thing I was capable of was looking pretty."

Alexander looked furious. "Skylar, I fucking hate your sister."

"That makes two of us."

"You shouldn't let anybody make you think less of yourself because you're brilliant, Skylar. You're the smartest, most clever, daring, beautiful girl I know. I can't believe you don't see that. You are so much more than your looks. You have to know that."

Skylar gulped. Her eyes locked with his. "You know, sometimes I wish I wasn't your student."

Alexander looked at her. "Sometimes, I wish you weren't my student too."

Skylar blinked. She hadn't realized how close she'd drawn herself to him. His lips were nearly touching hers. She could feel his hot breath against her skin, smell the faint alcohol on his breath, feel his short beard stubble scratching her skin. It took her back to the summer, back to when they didn't have to stay away from each other, back to when they spent the entire night dancing and drinking and kissing fiercely in a secluded corner, back to when she would wake up nearly every morning in his arms, back to when she would look out into the audience and spot his beaming face as she strutted down the runway, back to when everything had been simple and easy.

"Skylar," he breathed, pulling away suddenly. "We can't."

Her eyes glittered with tears. "Because I'm too young for you? Alex, it's only three years!"

"That's enough to make a difference," he told her before standing up. "You need to be dating boys your own age, Skye." He gave her sad but meaningful look before turning away and leaving.

Skylar watched him walk out the pub. "But I don't want any other boys. I want you," she said in an inaudible whisper. Once Alexander was gone, Skylar forced herself to turn around. "Another fire whiskey," she told the bartender miserably.



* * *



Teddy rolled over and opened his eyes. Victoire was sitting up, staring at him impatiently. He grinned at her, his eyes trailing down to her breasts.

"Come here," Teddy murmured, holding his arms out for her.

Victoire cleared her throat importantly. "I can't."

Frowning, Teddy sat up. "Why not?"

"I've decided I miss you too much," she replied.

Teddy raised his eyebrows. "And that's why you refuse to cuddle with me?"

"If we do…what we just did again…well, I don't think I'll ever be able to return to Hogwarts."

"The sex was that good?"

Victoire rolled her eyes. "Just seeing you again was that good, idiot."

Teddy grinned, taking her hand and pulling her closer. "Yeah, it really was."

"I don't want to leave," she complained as his lips gently pressed against her collarbone.

"Good because I don't want you to leave," Teddy breathed as his lips trailed up her jaw.

Victoire put her hands up and pushed him away. "Teddy, again?"

"Vic, it's been weeks. I'm dying over here."

She giggled and climbed onto his lap. "There haven't been any other girls?" she asked, wrapping her arms around the back of his neck. "Nobody to tempt you?"

Teddy put his hands on her waist, stroking her smooth skin. "I forgot other girls even existed," he told her.

"Oh, really?" she asked dubiously.

"Absolutely. How about you? Any other guys you've taken an interest in?"

"Well," Victoire teased, "our new Defense professor is quite attractive." Teddy growled, making Victoire laugh. "Of course not, you moron," she mumbled before kissing him fiercely. "I have only ever been interested in you."

Teddy tightened his grip around her so that their bodies were pressed together. "Good," he said intensely.

"Which really sucks," Victoire continued. Her hands ran through his shaggy hair and she gave him an intense look. "Because I miss you so much it hurts."

Teddy pressed his lips against hers. "I know what you mean. Every night I go to sleep in this bed without you is miserable." His eyes searched hers. "But you still want to make this work, right?"

Victoire smiled, cupping his face into her hands. Her light blue eyes seared into his. "Of course I do. The only thing worse than being far away from you is not having you at all." She leaned down, giving him a slow, gentle kiss.



* * *



After several hours in bed, Victoire finally willed herself to look at the time.

"Let's just skip the Halloween Feast," Teddy complained as he watched Victoire walk around the room, looking for her scattered articles of clothing.

"Teddy, I'm still a student. As a rule, I have to be back by the time of the Feast," she told him as she clasped her bra back on. "Actually, I wasn't even supposed to leave Hogsmeade."

"I think the Headmaster would understand," Teddy said reasonably as Victoire slipped her shirt back on.

"You think the Headmaster would understand that I snuck out of Hogsmeade to go back to my boyfriend's house to sleep with him?"

"Maybe if you tell him we've been deprived for several weeks," Teddy suggested.

"Somehow, I don't think that will work," Victoire said as she zipped up her pants. She picked up his shirt from the floor and brought it to him. "Come on, Teddy. Everybody's been dying to see you."

Victoire wasn't wrong either. As soon as Teddy walked through the large double doors of the Great Hall, a mob gathered around him. Several girls, much to Victoire's chagrin, threw their arms around Teddy and batted their eyelashes suggestively as they asked him how life after Hogwarts was. His old teammates came up to him eagerly, grilling him about how Finn and Luke were doing now that they were on a professional team. Lisa, who had become the Gryffindor Quidditch captain in Teddy's absence, talked to him about Qudditch for several minutes. They discussed new flying techniques and how the new team members were working out until somebody complained that Lisa was hogging up his attention. Even teachers swarmed around him, eager to hear about how his Auror training was going. It was just like old times. Teddy still ruled the school even if he no longer attended it. Victoire stood back, smiling, watching as all Teddy's old classmates crowded around them.

A dark haired girl with olive skin pushed her way to the front of the crowd. She tucked her hair behind her ear and grinned at Teddy. "Still famous, I see."

When Teddy saw her, he beamed. "Gracie!" he exclaimed before pulling her into a bone-crushing hug.

"Having difficulties breathing," Grace gasped as Teddy spun her around.

"The Feast will begin in a few minutes," a teacher reminded the students. "You should all go take your seats."

Slowly, the crowd around Teddy dispersed until he was alone with just Victoire and Grace. Victoire eyed Grace, noticing she'd finally showered and was dressed in her school uniform. Her hair was still damp but at least it was washed and brushed. The circles under her eyes, however, were still there.

"Sorry I didn't come say hello earlier," Grace said to Teddy. "I was studying."

"I see nothing's changed then," Teddy said with a laugh.

"Where's Skylar?" Victoire suddenly asked, frowning.

"I thought she'd be with you two," Grace replied, confused. "Didn't you all go down to Hogsmeade together?"

"We got separated," Victoire muttered, looking around. "Let me go find her. I'll meet you two at the table." She gave Teddy a quick kiss on the cheek before running off.

Teddy and Grace were silent for a moment, staring at each other awkwardly.

"How is he?" Grace finally asked. She stared down at her feet, unable to meet Teddy's eyes.

"You broke his heart," Teddy told her quietly.

Grace gulped. She looked up, her eyes locking with Teddy's. "I know," she replied in a whisper.

Teddy didn't say anything. Finally, he sighed and offered her his arm. "Let's go find some seats, shall we?"

Grace nodded. "I missed you, Teddy. It's good to have you back." She eyed the visitor sticker on his chest. "Even if it is as a visitor."

Teddy grinned. "I missed you too, Rhodes."

Grace and Teddy took their seats at the Gryffindor table. Several peoples heads turned as they saw Teddy walking by them. Whispers filled the Great Hall. Teddy almost laughed. He'd forgotten what being at school was like. At the ministry, nobody gave a damn when he walked by. It almost made him feel childish to be around all the petty, gossiping students.

"I couldn't find her," Victoire said a minute later. She took a seat beside Teddy.

"It's Skylar. She's always late." He shrugged, giving her knee a light squeeze. Victoire smiled and relaxed under his touch.

Skylar only showed up a few seconds before the Feast began. She had to squeeze in beside them just as the Headmaster began his Halloween speech. Teddy and Grace turned their heads to listen but Victoire's eyes were glued to Skylar. Her face was flushed and her eyes were sparkling with tears.

"Skylar, are you okay?" Victoire whispered, her eyes widening.

Skylar looked at her and cleared her throat. "I'm fine." She glanced at the table of teachers before looking back at Victoire. "I reckon you're right. I'm ready to start dating again."





Hearts On Fire


Well I don't know where and I don't know when

But I know we'll be lovers again

I'll see you some day before the end

I don't know where and I don't know when

But oh darling my hearts on fire

Oh darling my hearts on fire

Oh darling my hearts on fire

For you

-Passenger



* * *



Finn yawned and groggily checked his watch. "Sienna, one minute 'til midnight!" he exclaimed suddenly, abruptly sitting up. "Sienna, baby, wake up! It's almost my birthday!" Finn looked over, but Sienna was not fast asleep beside him. Her side of the bed was empty. Finn frowned and got out of bed. "Sienna?" he called out, knocking on their bathroom door. Nobody answered. "What the hell, S. It's almost my birthday!" he shouted. "You missed it last year because you were dating that Michael. You can't miss it again this year!" Finn poked his head out of his bedroom and looked up and down the empty hallway.

"Finn?" Sienna called from somewhere downstairs.

"Sienna!" he exclaimed eagerly, tumbling down the stairs. "It's almost my birthday! Where are you?"

"In the living room," she replied.

"What are you doing in the living—"

"Happy birthday!" Sienna, Teddy, and Luke all shouted in unison as he came into the living room. They were all curled up on the couch, grinning at him. A pile of gifts was on the coffee table.

"You lot continued the tradition," Finn said, touched.

Sienna stood up. "Well, last year was the first year I missed it. I wanted to make up for that." She pulled him into a long kiss.

"Still in here," Teddy reminded them weakly.

"Sorry," Sienna said breathlessly before pulling away.

Luke yawned. "You lot realize Findley and I have to be at practice in five hours. A better gift would be to allow us some sleep," he said grumpily.

"No way," Finn told him as he plopped down beside Teddy. "Every year, we wake up at midnight on my birthday so we can celebrate the miracle of my birth."

"I didn't appreciate having to do this last year and I don't appreciate doing it now," Luke grumbled.

"He's just grumpy cause he's sleepy," Sienna said, perching beside her boyfriend.

Finn looked around eagerly. "Blimey, it's so weird not being at Hogwarts on my birthday."

"If we were still at Hogwarts, we would all be in the common room right now," Luke said nostalgically. "And Grace, Skylar, and Victoire would all be there too."

"Grace would probably be half asleep," Sienna said with a small laugh.

"Skylar would be in a horrible mood," Teddy said. "She'd probably be cursing at us for not allowing her to get her beauty sleep."

Finn looked at them glumly. "I wish the girls were here."

"Me too," Teddy said longingly, thinking of Victoire.

"After we opened all your gifts in the common room, all the blokes in our year would probably come down," Sienna recalled. "They'd sneak you into Hogsmeade and get you drunk."

Finn grinned. "Good times."

"Meanwhile, us girls would prepare your surprise party," Sienna finished.

"Which wasn't really a surprise considering it happened every single year," Luke reminded them. "I still don't get that."

"It's tradition, Bishop," Teddy said. "Get used to it. You'll be doing this for the next eighty years."

"Can I open my presents now?" Finn asked, eyeing the large pile of gifts at the table in front of him.

"It's your birthday," Teddy said. "Go for it."

Finn had to admit his friends really did come through for him that year. Luke had given him a pair of enchanted Quidditch goggles. Finn was really needed new ones. Their last game was super rainy and Finn couldn't see a thing with his old goggles.

Teddy, who was the king of unique and odd gifts, had given Finn a Foe-Glass.

"That's so cool," Luke had interjected enviously when Finn had opened the gift. "I want one."

And despite being all the way at Hogwarts, the girls had done an excellent job with finding Finn decent gifts. Vic had sent him a huge box of Weasley Wizard Wheezes merchandise, which Finn couldn't wait to try out on all his friends and teammates. Skylar had sent Finn a flask that automatically refilled itself with firewhiskey. Finn thought it was hilarious and couldn't wait to try it out.

"Bloody brilliant invention," he cried out, peering inside the full flask. "Best gift ever!" He took a swig from the flask and watched happily as it refilled to the top.

"What's Gracie's?" Luke asked curiously.

Finn peered inside the box from Grace and grinned. "A very Grace-like gift. Several biographies about famous Quidditch players and some mince pies."

Luke smiled sadly. "Sounds about right."

"Mine's the last," Sienna said nervously, handing him a blue box.

"I don't know if anything can top what you got me last year," Finn told her.

"What'd you get him last year?" Luke asked.

Finn smiled, holding up his wrist. "She got me a watch."

"No offense but what's so special about a watch?" Luke wanted to know. "I mean, we all get one for our seventeenth birthdays."

"My parents didn't get me one," Finn muttered. "I'd gotten into some trouble at school and we were in a fight, so they ignored my seventeenth birthday. I didn't get anything from them."

"Harsh," Luke said, shaking his head.

"So, when he turned eighteen, I thought it was about time he got a ruddy watch like everybody else," Sienna said. She prodded the box. "Open this one. See if you like it."

Finn ripped open the parcel. A bottle of cologne fell out. But most importantly, there was picture frame with a picture of the two of them inside. Sienna was looking at the camera, laughing. Finn had his arm casually thrown around her and he was watching her laugh, an adoring smile on his lips.

"It's your favorite cologne," Sienna explained nervously. "As for the picture, I figured you needed something to remember me by while I was away on tour."

"How could I ever forget you?" Finn asked before leaning in to give her a sweet kiss. "Thank you," he whispered in her ear. Finn looked up at Teddy and Luke. "Thank you to all of you. You lot didn't have to do this."

"There's more!" Teddy exclaimed, waving his wand. A small cake came zooming in from the kitchen. "My grandma made it for you," he explained.

Finn grinned as all his friends started singing happy birthday to him. Luke's singing was low and tired like he was about to fall asleep at any moment. Teddy's voice was the loudest. He sang proudly at the top of his lungs. Sienna's voice was by far the prettiest. She sang softly, her head resting on his shoulder. Finn kissed the top of her head. He couldn't imagine a better beginning to his nineteenth birthday.



* * *



Victoire awoke on midnight that day. She rolled over, thinking of Findley. She wished she could've been there for his birthday. Finn always made such a big deal of it.

It was several hours until Victoire finally managed to fall back asleep. She'd been too busy thinking about Teddy and Finn and Luke and Sienna. Although she spoke to at least one of them every single day, it still wasn't enough. Victoire felt like she hardly knew the people that she had once considered her best friends. Victoire had no idea what Luke was up to. She didn't know how Finn's training was going. She didn't know how Sienna's album was coming along. After its release party a few weeks back, Victoire had scoured every single newspaper and magazine, reading every single review. So far, the reviews were great. There'd been a few that had criticisms but Victoire figured you couldn't please everybody. The sales were speaking for themselves. She'd sold a million copies in less than a month. It was pretty damn impressive.

"This was the first time we got to sleep in on the twenty-third in years," Grace said with a satisfied smile at breakfast. She poured her milk into her bowl and grinned at them. "I do love my sleep."

Skylar grimaced. "Is it bad that I actually kind of missed waking up early? It's just one more of our traditions that ended…"

"Well, technically it didn't end," Victoire said. "We just weren't a part of it this year."

"What do you mean?" Grace asked.

"Teddy, Sienna, and Luke still woke up at midnight with Findley to open his presents and eat cake." Victoire yawned. "And they're throwing him a surprise party tonight. Remember? I told you that. It's why I asked you to give me the presents you bought for Findley so that Teddy could give them to him at midnight."

Grace smiled. "Did he like my gift?"

"No idea. I'm waiting for a letter or call from somebody."

Sienna crossed her arms. "Good luck getting one. They're always all so busy. And I'm still angry we weren't able to make it to Sienna's album release party."

Victoire nodded. "And I hate that we missed Luke and Finn's first ever game with the Chudley Cannons."

Danielle took a seat opposite of Victoire. She put her arms on the table and sat up importantly. "We're throwing a Winter Ball again this year," she said.

Victoire raised her eyebrows. "Okay."

"And all the proceeds are going to St. Mungo's again," Danielle continued.

Skylar squealed in delight, already imagining all the dresses she'd get to try on before the Ball. Victoire, on the other hand, was overwhelmed by a sense of sadness in the pit of her stomach.

"I want to help this year," Victoire said quietly. "For Chris."

"Excellent," Danielle replied. "Because you are Victoire Weasley and everybody at this school loves you and your family. I need you to take care of the publicity. Sell tickets, make announcements, coerce people into wanting to go."

"Who knows," Grace said, looking up from the newspaper she was reading, "we might get lucky this year and nobody will be attacked."

Danielle looked at Victoire with a pained expression. "I've already talked to the Headmaster about tightening security that night."

"Grayson's in Azkaban," Victoire said, her heart racing at the sound of his name. "He can't hurt anybody. The dance should be perfectly safe this time."

Skylar squeezed her hand. "Gracie and I won't let anybody hurt you."

Victoire smiled at her. "Thanks, Skye."

Danielle surveyed the girls. "So, you reckon it's a good idea? After what happened to you last year…I'm afraid people won't want to come…"

"It's in Chris's honor," Victoire told her. "Chris was an angel and everybody knew that. I'm sure plenty of people will want to come, especially to pay their respects."

"Are we doing the Boy Toy Auction again this year?" Skylar asked Danielle.

"Probably not," Danielle said. "But I'm gonna try to convince Sienna to perform again with the Weird Sisters. Hopefully it'll make more people want to come."

"You know what we need this year," Skylar said suddenly. "Real dates!"

Victoire snorted. "Let me ask my boyfriend, Teddy, how he feels about me bringing a date."

Skylar rolled her eyes and looked at Grace. "Looks like it'll be just me and you, then, Gracie. We need to find some cute blokes to take us!"

Grace stared at her. "I'd rather stab myself several times than go on a date right now."

Danielle snorted. Skylar and Victoire exchanged looks.

After Danielle left them to go join her friends for breakfast, the girls decided to leave for Defense Against the Dark Arts. Victoire and Skylar eagerly discussed dress options and different make up techniques that they wanted to try before at the Ball. Grace, meanwhile, had hung back to discuss the upcoming exam with Warren Davis, a fellow prefect.

"So, are you ladies planning on going to the Ball?" Warren asked.

Victoire turned her head back. "Absolutely! What about you, Warren?"

"I reckon my girlfriend will kill me if I don't take her," he replied.

Skylar led the way into the classroom. She glanced back at Warren. "Hey, Warren, do you know anybody interested in taking Grace?"

"He doesn't," Grace hissed, shooting Warren an apologetic look.

Warren laughed before going his separate way. The girls took their seats in the back of the classroom. Alexander was sitting at the front of the room on his desk, waiting patiently as all his students trickled inside.

"Erm…hey, Skylar…"

Skylar glanced up. Ethan Murray was standing in front of her. He fidgeted with his hands nervously.

"Hey, Ethan," she said pleasantly. "What's up?"

Ethan glanced anxiously at Victoire and Grace before looking back at Skylar. "Did you hear about the Winter Ball?"

"Yeah. Me and Vic are actually going to be helping Dani plan it. It should be exciting! Are you going?"

Ethan grinned at her. "I don't know. Only if you go."

Victoire raised her eyebrows and smirked at Skylar. Skylar laughed. "Well, then, I guess I have to go."

Alexander cleared his throat loudly. "Everybody, please don't loiter. Get to your seats please."

Ethan glanced back at his desk. "I should go back to my seat. I'll see you ladies later." He began to walk away but stopped suddenly and turned to face Grace. "You know, Rhodes, blokes are lining up to ask you out now that you're single."

Skylar sat up eagerly. "You hear that, Gracie?"

Grace laughed. "Thanks for the update, Ethan, but I'm not interested."

Ethan grinned at her. "Oh, come on, Grace. Mason has a huge crush on you. What do you say you give my boy a shot?"

"Tell Mason I'm flattered, but no thank you," Grace said.

Ethan glanced back at Skylar. "How about you, Grey? Any interest in bringing a date?"

"I don't think Mason's my type," Skylar told him.

"I wasn't talking about Mason," Ethan told her, his eyes locking with hers.

The bell rang and Alexander ushered everybody back to their seats. "Quiz today!" he exclaimed, holding up a stack of papers.

"Looks like you've got an admirer," Grace whispered to Skylar. She glanced at Ethan who was scrambling through his bag for a quill.

"Looks like you've got one too," Skylar replied.

Victoire leaned in closer. "Mason's a cutie," she told Grace. "You sure you don't want to give him a shot?"

"I'm positive," Grace told them. "Now shut up. I need to concentrate on this quiz."

"Bring them up to my desk once you've finished and you may leave after," Alexander said. He waved his wand and the papers distributed themselves out to each student.

Skylar was one of the last people to finish her quiz. Most people finished within thirty minutes and were long gone. Victoire, who had spent the entire summer helping Teddy prepare for his Auror training, had become something of a genius when it came to the Dark Arts. It was quickly becoming her best subject, even surpassing Charms, which had always come easily to her. Victoire finished the quiz quickly and confidently. She was one of the first people to leave. Grace took a little longer. She was more meticulous about making sure her answers were correct and went over the quiz several times before she was satisfied with it. Naturally, Skylar had the hardest time with it. When she finally finished, she jumped out of her seat and quickly gathered her belongings. She made her way to the front of the room and gingerly dropped her paper on top of the already large stack.

Alexander glanced up at her when she approached. "You and Ethan a thing now?" he muttered.

Skylar stared at him. She lifted her chin up haughtily. "You did say you wanted me dating people my own age, didn't you?" Skylar's eyes locked with Alexander's and she pursed her lips together.

Alexander smiled sadly. "Yeah, I did…"



* * *



Teddy and Sienna opened the oven door. They were silent for a moment.

"Fuck," Teddy cussed loudly.

Sienna sighed and shook her head. "How did we screw this up again."

"What in the world is that smell?" Andromeda asked as she stepped into the kitchen.

"We may have possibly burnt the food…again…"

Sienna shook her head grimly. "We didn't think this one through. Why did we think we could prepare the food when neither of us have ever had to cook a day in our lives?"

"Well, what are we going to do?" Teddy demanded. "All of our guests are in the living room and Luke will be here with Finn any minute now."

Sienna looked at Andromeda. "This is where you kick in with your amazing grandmotherly advice and save the day."

Andromeda chuckled. "Lucky for you two, Molly and I had a backup plan."

"You didn't think we could do this, did you?" Teddy demanded.

Andromeda raised her eyebrows and gestured at all the burnt trays scattered around the kitchen. "Can you blame us?"

"That's fair."

"We have all the food waiting back at the Burrow in case this happened," Andromeda told them. "If you want, Molly and I can run back and bring it all."

"Sienna, your parents are here!" Somebody shouted from the living room.

"Damn it, they actually came," Sienna cursed quietly. She smiled at Andromeda. "That sounds perfect, Andromeda. Thank you so much."

Teddy nodded. "Yeah, thanks, Grandma. I don't know what we'd do without you."

Sienna left them alone in the kitchen to clean up the mess of all the burnt food. Her parents were waiting for her in the foyer. Like usual, they were dressed like they were going to Paris for a fashion show. "Mum, Dad, you made it!" She plastered a smile on her face. "Finn will be so glad."

"We're happy you invited us," Clark said as he helped his wife remove her jacket.

"Did we miss the surprise?" Lucille asked as Sienna handed her a glass of champagne.

"Not yet, Mum. Finn's still on his way."

"Excellent!" Clark clapped his hands together. "You know, all our friends are just in shock at how well you and Finn are doing."

"Yes, especially considering what you and Findley were like in school," Lucille quipped.

"Lucille," Clark growled. "They were kids. They've grown up now. They've matured."

Lucille looked at Sienna, beaming with pride. "Oh, I know. I was amazed by your album, Sienna. Thank you so much for inviting us to the release party last week."

"Your mother has saved every single one of your reviews," Clark told her. "The media loves you, honey."

Sienna smiled. "Well, I hope so. Tickets for the tour go on sale tomorrow. Hopefully, the fans loved the album too."

"Oh, I'm sure they did," Clark assured her. He furrowed his eyebrows together. "You know, I read in the Prophet this morning that you fired your manager."

Sienna groaned. "Yes, I had to. He kept screwing up. Now, I have to take care of everything on my own and I don't know the first thing about managing myself."

"Well," Lucille said slowly, "I do."

Sienna glared at her mother. "Mum, no."

"Just temporarily. You've got a lot of big things coming up. You need a manager to take care of the little things. I've been your manager before. I've got the experience! I know what to do! I'll take over for a few weeks until you find a replacement."

"Sienna!" Teddy rushed into the foyer. After quickly greeting her parents, he grabbed Sienna's arm. "Luke's almost here with Finn."

Sienna's eyes widened. "Everybody, turn off the lights and head into the living room!" she shouted.

"Sienna, what about me?" Lucille scurried after her. "You still need a manager."

"Yes, fine, but just temporarily," Sienna replied, distracted. "Everybody, quiet!" she hissed.

"I hear something outside," Teddy muttered, following closely behind her.

Finn walk through the front door with Luke. "I thought Teddy and Sienna said they were going to be here when—"

"SURPRISE!"

Finn stopped in the living room doorway, stunned. All his friends gathered around him, patting him on the back and wishing him a happy birthday.

Sienna made her way toward the front of the crowd. "Did we get you?" she asked breathlessly.

Finn pulled her into a deep kiss. "I thought we ended the surprise party tradition when we left Hogwarts."

"I wasn't there for your last surprise birthday party," Sienna reminded him. "I wanted to make up for that."

"Ah, yes," Finn remembered bitterly. "That was when you were in your Michael-phase."

"The food's taken care of, Sienna," Teddy said, appearing by their side.

"Mate, you did this?" Finn gasped, pulling Teddy into a tight hug.

Sienna laughed before waltzing away from the two boys who were both nearly in tears as they reminisced about the past seven years of their friendship. She ran into Luke by the window. He was talking to Logan Steinback, an old friend of theirs from Hogwarts.

"Logan, how are you?" Sienna asked, giving him a hug.

"Not bad, Ellis. I'm a little disappointed to see you and Findley are still dating."

"Why's that?"

"It was every bloke's fantasy in school to date you," Logan told her. "Most of us never got the opportunity."

"It was definitely not my fantasy," Luke said, making a face.

"Watch it, Bishop," Sienna said warningly. "You'd be damn lucky to have me."

"Are you and Grace still together?" Logan asked Luke curiously.

"Erm…no, we're not," Luke told him awkwardly.

"That reminds me," Sienna said, grinning at Luke mischievously. "I invited Alicia."

"You didn't," Luke groaned.

"Who's Alicia?" Logan asked eagerly.

"Not for you," Sienna informed him. "Move along, Steinback," she said, giving him a small shove. Logan chuckled before leaving them.

"Sienna, come on," Luke complained. "This is so embarrassing for me. I don't need your help to get a date!"

"Yes, you do, because you haven't had any," she snapped. "It's been three months since you and Grace broke up and Alicia is the only girl you've dated." Sienna looked around the room. "ALICIA! Come here!"

A tall, willowy girl came toward them. She had long, thick black hair, olive skin, and big brown eyes. She smiled. "Hey, Sienna! Luke! Great party."

"Thanks," Sienna replied, elbowing Luke.

"Nice to see you again, Alicia," Luke muttered.

Alicia grinned. "You too." She looked at Sienna. "I just ran into your mum. She says she's your manager again! I tried to convince her to book you for a few modeling gigs. We all miss having you around, S."

Luke gaped at Sienna. "You rehired your mum? When?"

"About five minutes ago. I'll probably regret it but I need the help." Sienna waved him off. "Anyway, you two talk! Mingle! I've got to go make the rounds and say hello to everybody."

"Sienna," Alicia said with a sigh as she ran off.

"I'm sorry about this," Luke said apologetically. "She's hell bent on helping me move on from my ex."

"Me too," Alicia said with a sigh. "My boyfriend and I broke up a few months ago and Sienna's determined to help me find the new love of my life."

Luke grimaced. "Well, at least she means well."

"Hey, pictures!" Teddy announced, appearing in front of them with a camera.

"Aw, Teddy, come on," Alicia complained.

"Alicia, you're a fucking model. You take pictures for a living. Just shut up and smile at the camera," Teddy instructed her. "This should come naturally for you."

"You've already made me take like a hundred pictures," she grumbled as she leaned into Luke and he put his arm around her waist.

"Yes, but I've only gotten a few dozen with Luke and I need more," Teddy said as he brought the camera up.

Luke rolled his eyes. "Why do you need this many pictures?"

"Vic couldn't be here so she asked me to send pictures," he replied.

Luke and Alicia smiled at the camera and Teddy snapped several pictures.



* * *



On the other side of the room, Sienna and Finn were greeting their guests. They were talking to some of Finn's teammates when Teddy suddenly pulled them aside.

"More pictures?" Finn groaned. "Mate, I already told you—"

"Your parents are here," Teddy interrupted.

Finn and Sienna stared at him. "What?" Finn spluttered.

"They're by the stairs," Teddy said.

"But I haven't spoken to my parents in months," Finn said. "Did you guys invite them?"

Teddy and Sienna shook their heads. "I didn't," Teddy said slowly, turning to face Sienna. "Did you?"

"No," Sienna said, looking at Finn. "What do you want to do?"

Finn took a deep breath. "Let's go talk to them," he finally said.

"Wait!" Teddy said suddenly, stopping them. "You two are going to need this." He waved his wand and two shot glasses zoomed toward them. Teddy poured fire whiskey into the glasses and grinned. "Bottoms up."

Finn and Sienna gulped down their drinks. "Thanks, mate," Finn said, taking Sienna's hand. "We're gonna need that."

The two of them walked toward the stairs where Charles and Andrea West were waiting for them.

"Findley!" Andrea exclaimed upon seeing him. She hugged her son tightly.

Charles cleared his throat and handed Finn an envelope. "Happy birthday, son."

"Thanks, Dad," Finn said.

"Sienna, dear, how are you?" Andrea asked, pulling Sienna into a hug.

"I'm so glad you guys came," Sienna said nervously. "I would've invited you myself, but—"

"You only wanted people my son likes here," Charles finished for her. "I understand."

"Dad—" Finn began.

Charles lifted up his hand, silencing him. "We understand. Our past has been...difficult..."

"Ah, yes, I was the family disappointed and you loved telling me that," Finn said pleasantly.

Andrea pursed her lips. "Findley, please."

"Findley, you spent the past five years drinking, barely getting by in school, pulling stupid pranks, and screwing around with promiscuous young ladies."

"He's not wrong about the last one," Sienna muttered. "With the exception of me, of course."

Andrea took Sienna's hand. "Charles was not referring to you, Sienna, dear. We always hoped you two would end up together and seal the fate of merging the West and Ellis families."

Finn raised his eyebrows. "You two realize that it's for this exact reason that Teddy and Sienna did not invite you."

"Despite all your mistakes in the past, Findley," Charles continued, "your mother and I are very proud of you. In the end, you got your act together. Many of our friends and family doubted you two would ever pull it together, but you did."

"An insult and a compliment at the same time. It's amazing how you do that, Dad," Finn said.

"..and you've finally settled down with Sienna in a committed relationship," Charles continued, almost smiling. "You've served the family name well, Son."

Finn nodded. "Okay. Well, thank you. I think."

"We're also here to make a deal with you," Charles said in a more business-like voice.

"Ah, so that's why you're really here," Finn said with a grin. "Okay, now this feels like familiar territory. What do you want, Dad?"

"Your mother and I ran into Clark last week. He told us that you and Sienna have dinner with them every other week. And then we hear that you two invited them to Sienna's album release party and they've even attended your games together before."

"Well, my parents can be quite pushy," Sienna interjected. "It's either have dinner with them or never hear the end of it from my mother."

"It's not fair," Andrea huffed.

"Our proposal is that you must see us at least once a month. We are allowed to come to your games as well. And you must see us on Christmas." Charles eyed his son with a stony expression. Finn knew his dad was practicing his business tactics on him but he didn't mind. It's how he was raised. Finn had never known anything else.

"Dad, me and S aren't trying to hide from you two. If you wanna hang out then just let us know."

Charles crossed his arms. "Dinner every other month. And Christmas."

Finn rolled his eyes. "Fine. Deal."

They shook hands.

"Excellent," Andrea said with a satisfied smile. "Your father and I must go make the rounds."

Finn and Sienna watched them leave in stunned silence.

"What just happened?" Sienna finally said.

"I think amid all the insults, my dad told me he was proud of me," Finn said.

"That's what it sounded like."

"I also think my dad just made us one of his business deals."

"It's just dinner once every other month," Sienna said. "It won't be so bad."

"Why now?" Finn frowned. "Why are our parents suddenly showing interest in our lives when for the past nineteen years they didn't give a shit?"

"Eighteen years in my case," Sienna murmured.

"Still," Finn said.

Sienna sighed and shrugged. "Maybe because we're not screw ups anymore?"

"All it took was me becoming a professional quidditch player to win my daddy's love," Finn said fondly. "Don't you just love family?"

Sienna laughed. "Whatever. At least they like us now."

Finn looked at her. "Babe, my parents love you. I've never seen them like that."

"That was love?" Sienna said dubiously.

"In the West family, yes."

Sienna giggled, wrapping her arm around Finn's waist. "Well, I'm glad they approve."

"We just need to be careful. If our parents get together, they'll probably start planning our wedding. We need to keep them far away from each other."

Sienna's eyes widened. "You think?"

Finn grimaced. "Didn't you hear my dad? 'Seal the fate of merging the West and Ellis families'. What the hell does that even mean?"

"It means two rich families are coming together to get even richer," Sienna muttered.

"Eh. It's not a horrible idea. I do love you. Also, if we got married, our babies would be so cute," Finn said.

"Are you kidding me? With your eyes and my hair. They'd be the cutest kids on the planet."

"Maybe in five years."

"Make that ten," Sienna said with a shudder. "Maybe in ten years I'll actually be good with kids."

"Deal," Finn said, shaking her hand.

"Seal it with a kiss," Sienna breathed, pulling Finn closer.

"I like your terms, Ellis," Finn said before pressing his lips against hers.



* * *



Victoire looked up and clucked her tongue impatiently.

"What are you looking for?" Grace asked, looking around the ceiling.

"Owl post," she replied.

Skylar took a bit of her porridge. "Why?"

Victoire sighed. "Teddy said he'd send me pictures of Finn's surprise party last night."

Skylar's eyes lit up. "Brilliant! I still can't believe we missed it."

Grace pointed up. "Here they come."

Hundreds of owls soared into the Great Hall. A large brown owl landed beside Victoire and stuck its leg out. "Hey, Zeus," Victoire said, untying the envelope from the bird's leg.

Zeus let out a small hoot and Grace allowed him to nibble on her toast before he took off again.

Victoire opened the envelope and let out a delighted cry. "He sent the pictures!"

Skylar peered inside the envelope and let out a startled cry. "Merlin, how many pictures did he take?"

Victoire shrugged and dumped all the pictures on the table. Grace took a stack and began rifling through them. Victoire picked up a picture of Teddy and Finn together. They were sitting on the couch, pointing at something in the distance that was not pictured and laughing.

Victoire sighed. "I miss them," she said sadly.

Skylar's eyes widened. She pointed at Finn's arm. "Bloody hell. Finn's gotten into shape!"

"It's all the workouts at practice," Victoire replied. "Look at Luke too," she said, picking up a picture of Luke with Sienna.

Skylar smiled. "Sienna's hair looks so long now."

"I know!" Victoire said. She rifled through the pictures before stopping and laughing. "Gracie, check out Finn's face in this picture."

Grace didn't respond.

Skylar looked up and frowned. "Gracie, you okay?"

Grace was staring at a picture in her hand with her mouth hanging slightly open.

"Gracie?" Victoire said slowly.

Grace cleared her throat and handed Victoire and Skylar the picture she was holding. "Who's the girl?" she asked.

Victoire peered down at the picture. It was a picture of Luke and a pretty dark haired girl. Luke had his arm around her and she was leaning into him, smiling. Luke was rolling his eyes before grinning at the camera. The girl was holding a glass of champagne and smiling at the camera as she leaned into Luke for the picture.

Skylar and Victoire exchanged looks. "That must be Alicia," Victoire said hesitantly.

"Who's Alicia?" Grace asked.

Skylar bit her lower lip. "She's one of Sienna's old friends from her modeling days."

"Okay," Grace said slowly.

Victoire sighed. "She and Luke have been on a few dates. It's nothing serious."

Grace's face froze. "Luke's been dating?"

"Gracie, it has been three months," Skylar said quietly. "And you broke up with him, remember? He's just trying to move on."

Grace was silent for a moment. "She's pretty," she said quietly.

Victoire and Skylar exchanged looks.

"Grace, are you okay?" Skylar asked softly.

Grace stood up abruptly. "I have to go," she said suddenly.

"Go? Where?" Victoire frowned, confused.

Grace quickly pulled her bag over her shoulder. "I'll see you two in class," she muttered before dashing away.

"This won't end well," Skylar murmured. Victoire nodded in agreement.





New Soul


I'm a new soul

I came to this strange world

Hoping I could learn a bit about how to give and take

But since I came here

Felt the joy and the fear

Finding myself making every possible mistake

-Yael Naim



* * *



Christmas was quickly approaching. Students couldn't wait until the end of the year—it meant no more cramming for midterms. Everybody was looking forward to going home for the holidays, baking cookies, getting Christmas presents, playing in the snow, and being away from school and teachers and tests. Until then, it seemed as if everybody was busy. Everyone had an exam to study, projects to hand in, late homework assignments to finish, presents to buy, dress robes to try on.

Grace spent most her of days in the library. She was taking more classes than anybody else in her year and had twice the amount of exams to study for. Victoire preferred to retreat up to the Astronomy Tower most days, where it was silent and she had peace of mind. She spent most of her time studying for Herbology, which was her worst subject, or writing long letters to Teddy. Skylar, who decided she did not need the stress, opted out of studying. She spent most her time in broom closets snogging Ethan. Ethan and Skylar were all the school could talk about it. Rumors about their relationship swirled through the castle. Neither of them ever confirmed their relationship but they could be seen sneaking into dark closets alone or occasionally holding hands under the table. Even Victoire and Grace weren't exactly sure what was going on between those two. Grace assumed Ethan was just another of Skylar's hookups, but Victoire suspected there was more.

"Does it honestly matter?" Grace demanded, slamming her book shut. She'd been trying to study but Victoire kept distracting her with new theories about Ethan and Skylar.

"Laney Stevens told me they were going to the Ball together!" Victoire exclaimed.

"It's a rumor, Vic," Grace said with an eye roll. "I think Skylar would tell us if she were dating somebody."

"Would she?" Victoire said doubtfully. "She's been very secretive lately."

"Probably because Ethan's just another of her flings," Grace said with a yawn. "She'll be over him by this time next month."

Victoire stared at her. "You're a true romantic."

Grace shrugged. "I'm just being realistic."

"Which is just another way of saying cynical."

"Cynical. Realistic. Does it matter? Either way, Skylar will have moved on to somebody else by the time January rolls around."

"What are you guys talking about?" Skylar asked as she approached them. She pulled up a chair and sat down beside Victoire.

"The fact that you didn't tell us you were going with Ethan to the ball," Victoire snapped.

Skylar smiled. "It's just a date."

"How long ago did he ask you?" Victoire demanded. "And why did I have to hear about it form Laney Stevens?"

"A few days ago," Skylar replied. "I didn't think it was that big of a deal."

"Why wouldn't it be that big of a deal?" Victoire asked, outraged.

Skylar raised her eyebrows. "Gee, I don't know. Do you tell me and Gracie about all the blokes that have asked you to the ball?"

Victoire turned bright red. "That's not the same thing."

Ever since news of the Ball spread, Victoire was asked out at least once a week by a courageous bloke who hoped she and Teddy were no longer dating. Victoire wasn't sure whether it was her inner veela kicking in or the new perfume she was wearing, but whatever the case, the boys at Hogwarts seemed especially attracted to her that month. Skylar's theory was that now that that Teddy was no longer around to scare boys off, Victoire had become more approachable. Victoire didn't necessary like all the attention she was receiving, but Teddy found it absolutely amusing. He and Finn roared with laughter every time she told them about another awkward encounter with some hopeful boy asking her to the Ball.

Grace huffed loudly before standing up.

"Where are you going?" Skylar asked.

"To the other side of the library," she said as she gathered her belongings. "It's getting a little chatty here."

Skylar rolled her eyes. "Sit down, Grace."

"I have to study for Ancient Runes."

"You've been studying for two hours," Victoire reminded her. "Take a break. Talk to us."

Grace sat down begrudgingly.

"So," Skylar said pleasantly, "what's new with you, Rhodes? Anything interesting happen?"

Grace considered the question. "Not really…" She shrugged. "I asked Mason to the Ball."

"What?" Skylar spluttered. Mason Sweet had had a crush on Grace since they were twelve years old. He was a Keeper for Hufflepuff's Quidditch team and captain of the Astronomy Club. Mason had always been a nice bloke, but his timing had alway been off. Right when he finally found the courage to ask out Grace, he'd heard that she'd started dating Collin. He'd watched bitterly as they dated for years. When he heard of their break up, Mason didn't want to ask her out immediately because he figured she needed some time and space to move on, but he had waited to long. She got back together with Collin. Then, out of the blue, she began dating Lucas Bishop. Mason was disheartened; he thought he would never get a chance with Grace. Until now.

She was the one that asked him. She'd marched right up to him after breakfast one day and asked him. There was no hesitation, no uncertainty. Mason had just stared at her for several seconds, blinking stupidly at her until he finally found the words to answer her.

"When did you even ask him?" Skylar demanded.

Grace, who was more focused on her books, barely even glanced up at her. "A few days ago."

Victoire smiled. "So, what brought on this change?"

Grace slammed her book shut and looked up at them. "If Luke's moving on, so am I. I'm not going to sit around here while he sleeps around with dumb models."

"Actually they haven't had sex yet," Victoire said.

"How do you know?" Skylar snorted.

"Luke would've told me. He tells me everything."

Grace sighed. "It doesn't matter. The point is he's dating Alicia now so I hope he's happy. I hope they get married and have a bunch of stupid little model babies and grow old together."

"You seem to be really hung up on the fact that she's a model," Skylar said.

"Wouldn't you?" Grace hissed.

Victoire and Skylar exchanged looks. "Grace, you were the one that broke up with Luke. If it were up to him, you two would still be together." Victoire hesitated. "You can't get mad at him for wanting to move on. You hurt him. He's just trying to get over that."

Grace sighed. "I know. But now it's my turn to move on too." She stood up. "I'm gonna go back to the room. I need to order a dress for the Ball before it's too late."

"You're ordering from a catalogue?" Skylar made a face.

Grace ignored her and continued packing up her books and quills. "I'll see you guys later."

Skylar turned to looks at Victoire. "So, Mason…good thing or bad thing?"

"Good for Grace. Not so good for Mason."

"Why's that?"

Victoire shrugged. "He's always had a crush on her…and she's gonna crush that poor kid's heart."

Skylar grimaced. "Maybe she'll really like him."

"Maybe," Victoire said doubtfully.

"On the bright side, he's a total cutie. Their pictures will turn out great!"

Victoire stared at her for several seconds before shaking her had in a what can you do sort of way.



* * *



Teddy sat down and looked around the large office, whistling gingerly. There were stacks and stacks of files and folders piled up on the large wooden desk. Filing cabinets lined up one side of the room. The other side of the room was taken up by a large window that overlooked London. A few pictures were hung up on the walls. As Teddy looked around and recognized the faces in the pictures, his whistling quickly began to fade. He was sitting in Melissa Grey's office. Teddy hadn't realized before that when Ron had told him he had to go to Ms. Grey's office he meant Melissa's office.

Teddy scratched the back of his head uncomfortably and looked around. Several of Melissa's awards and diplomas were neatly hung above her desk. On the opposite side of the room there was a wall lined up with pictures. There was one of her and her dad on the day she graduated Hogwarts. There were several pictures of her with a mysterious bloke who was definitely not Rick. There was one of her from when she was about six years old with a woman Teddy assumed was her mother. Teddy almost smiled when he spotted the pictures of Skylar up on the wall.

"Teddy," Melissa said, stunned. She was standing in the doorway of her office. Eva was standing directly behind her, looking at Teddy curiously.

Teddy jumped out of his seat. "Erm…hi..."

Melissa frowned before walking over to her desk. "What are you doing here?"

"Ron sent me…" He gulped. "I've almost completed my auror training. He said I needed to sign some contracts or something."

Melissa's eyes widened. "Oh, of course. Well, sit down."

Teddy took a seat. He glanced over at Eva and gave her a polite nod. Melissa watched him. "Erm…this is Eva. She's an intern. Hermione has her shadowing me for a few days…"

Teddy nodded. "I know Eva. We went to school together."

Melissa looked at Eva uncomfortably. "Right. Of course. If you know Teddy, then you must also know my sister."

Eva looked between Teddy and Melissa, sensing the tension. "Maybe," she said slowly. "Who's your sister?"

"Skylar. Skylar Grey."

Eva's jaw nearly dropped. "Oh…Skylar, of course. I should've guessed considering the last name."

"So, you know her?" Melissa nodded. "I'm not surprised. She's often the life of the party. I guess you can't miss her."

Eva still looked stunned. "No, I guess you can't."

Teddy cleared his throat. "So…why exactly am I here?"

Melissa took her seat and looked at him importantly. "Standard procedure. Since you're about to become an auror and work for the Ministry of Magic, I just have to debrief you on some of our standard laws and rules placed to protect the auror department and the ministry." She opened her desk drawer and pulled out a stack of papers. "You'll have to sign a few forms basically stating that you understand the rules and you agree to abide by them."

Teddy nodded and did as he was told. Melissa was quite professional about everything. She quickly explained everything he needed to know, pausing every so often to make him initial something. It didn't take long until Teddy was scribbling his signature down quickly, eager to end their brief encounter. It felt like he was betraying Skylar somehow by even being in the same room as her sister.

When he was finished signing the last page, Melissa stood up. "That's it. You're nearly done." She stuck her hand out. "Congratulations on nearly completing your training."

"Thanks," Teddy said awkwardly, shaking her hand. Eva watched them curiously. She had never seen Teddy act this awkward around anybody.

When Teddy turned around to leave, Melissa called out his name suddenly. "Teddy, wait!"

Teddy turned around. "Yeah?"

Melissa hesitated. "How is she?"

He paused. "She's doing really well."

"She's happy?"

Teddy nodded. "I would say so. Listen, no offense, Melissa, but Skylar's my friend. I don't think she'd appreciate me talking to you about her."

Melissa gulped. "I understand." She bit her lower lip. "If you talk to her…just tell her I miss her…"

"Yeah, sure." He glanced at the door. "I'll see you around, Mel." With that, Teddy turned and quickly walked away.

Eva watched him leave with a slight frown on her face. It was then that she remembered what Skylar had told her so many months ago about Rick, Melissa's fiance. Eva glanced back at Melissa and her stomach began knotting. Melissa's face was buried in her hands; she'd forgotten Eva was still there.

"Erm…Ms. Grey," Eva said timidly.

Melissa looked up, startled. "Eva, I'm sorry. I forgot you were here. Do you mind taking your lunch break early? There's loads of work I need to catch up on."

Eva nodded before traipsing away. She was so quick running to the elevator that she nearly ran into Teddy.

"Woah, there, Eves," Teddy said, steadying her. "You nearly knocked me out."

Eva took a deep breath. "Sorry."

"Where you going?"

"Erm…cafeteria…"

"Me too!" Teddy beamed. "It's my lunch break."

Eva nodded. "Mine too." The elevator doors opened and the two of them stepped inside. "So, Skylar is nothing like her sister," Eva said awkwardly.

Teddy let out a low whistle. "No, she is not."

Eva peeked up at him. His face had gone rather stony. "You don't like Melissa?"

"I used to," Teddy replied curtly.

"But not after she accused Skylar of hitting on Rick?" Eva pressed.

Teddy stared at her. "You know what happened?"

"Skylar told me," Eva replied. "She said I'm a lot like Melissa. It's probably why she hates me so much."

Teddy snorted. "Skylar hates you because she's a brat. But I love her."

"She hates me because she's a good friend," Eva corrected. "She just wanted to protect Finn and Sienna."

Teddy frowned at her. "Why are you defending Skylar?"

Eva shrugged. "I guess I owe her one. She defended me after Finn cheated on me."

"After she tried her best to break you two up," Teddy reminded her.

The elevator doors opened up again and the two of them stepped out. They were inside an enormous room with tables stretching from one end of the room to the other. Several wizards in their ministry robes were milling around the room with their trays full of food. Some were seated at tables, enjoying their lunches. Teddy and Eva made their way toward the long line.

"So," Eva said, "I guess Melissa and Skylar still aren't talking?"

"Nope."

"So, how bad was this Rick guy anyway? Did he just flirt with Skylar a lot?"

Teddy glanced at her. "He got drunk. Pushed her up against a wall. Forced a kiss on her. But that's all Victoire was able to get out of Skylar. I don't know if he ever did anything else. That git probably would have too if he'd been given the opportunity."

Eva played with her hands uncomfortably. She'd never heard Teddy's voice sound so harsh. "And Melissa never believed her?"

"Melissa said some horrible things to Skylar. She said Skylar didn't have any talents or intelligence, that the only thing she had to offer the world was her looks and even that would go away one day…she about killed Skylar. She would never admit it, but Skylar really looked up to Melissa. Melissa's opinion was everything to her. When their mum died, Melissa was the only motherly figure Skylar had left."

Eva swallowed. "How can somebody say that to their own sister?"

"Blinded by love?" Teddy suggested. "I don't know. All I know is that if Skylar's still mad, she has every right to be. If she decides to one day forgive Melissa, great. Until then, I side with her. If I had any siblings, I would never treat them like that. After what happened with Victoire and Grayson last year and Skylar and Rick...those blokes are lucky I never got a go at them. I'd have killed them."

Eva looked down at her feet guiltily. She now understood why Skylar had been so hard on her. Everything Melissa had said to her was nearly the same thing that Eva had said to her. Different words but the same meaning. Eva now knew why the others had been willing to forgive her, but Skylar had held a grudge so long.

"What's the matter?" Teddy asked as the line moved.

"I just feel bad now…for how I treated Skylar…I was always belittling her. I said she was vapid and selfish…"

Teddy looked at her. "Eva, Skylar has some pretty shitty stuff going on her life, but that doesn't excuse the way she treated you. Sure, both of you said some nasty things but Skylar kept it going. She made things worse. Don't feel bad about that. I love that girl, but she has her faults. She was horrible to you. I can't deny that. You have every right to dislike her."

Eva nodded but she didn't agree with him. She wasn't sure whether it was because Skylar had defended her during one of her worst heartbreaks or if it was because she had finally seen that Skylar's life was in fact not perfect, but Eva almost felt bad for how she treated Skylar. Sure, Skylar certainly did plenty of horrible things to Eva, but who was the one that had started it?

Eva shook her head. She'd been right about many things. Things really did seem to come easier to Teddy and them. They were privileged and rich and smart and outgoing. Of course things came naturally to them. But that didn't mean their lives were perfect. Teddy was an orphan. Finn and Sienna's parents were horrible to them. Victoire and Danielle had lost Chris. Grace's dad's affair had been anything anybody could talk about at school last year. And Skylar had been sexually assaulted by her boyfriend's sister. Eva was glad that all he did was force a kiss on her and nothing more.

Eva still wasn't a huge fan of Skylar but she understood her anger now. Eva swallowed back the horrible taste in her mouth. It almost felt like she respected Skylar.



* * *



Sienna peered down at the yellow puddle on her kitchen floor. "You've got to be kidding me," she muttered angrily before stomping into her bedroom. "Findley West," she hissed.

Finn poked his head out of the balcony where he was sitting outside with a cup of tea and the Daily Prophet. Two dogs were fast asleep by his feet.

"Your dogs peed on my floor," she said through gritted teeth.

A few days after Finn's huge surprise birthday party, Finn had become a little depressed. All the attention was no longer on him and everything was quickly changing. Sienna was preparing for her world tour and was about to leave Finn behind. Most of her time was spent with the band, hashing out last minute details. Luke was finally getting out of his Grace funk. He'd started going out more. He and Alicia had gone on several dates and things were looking good for them. Teddy was busier than ever now that his auror training was nearly complete and he was being sent on real missions now. Finn was lonely…

So, his solution? Dogs! He'd always wanted one but his parents had alway told him he was too irresponsible to have one. Now that he was legally an adult and didn't need his parents permission, Finn set out to adopt a new furry little friend. Except when Finn got to the store, he had gotten a little too excited and ended up leaving with two dogs. He couldn't pick just one.

Sienna had returned home late at night to find an eager Finn waiting for her in her living room with two puppies standing by Finn's feet. They were wagging their tails eagerly, sniffing everything they came into contact with.

"Oh, Finn," Sienna had said with a sigh.

"Aren't they cute?" Finn had sighed adoringly.

Now, several weeks later, Finn was still deeply enamored with his puppies. Sienna, on the other hand, was starting to get concerned. Her apartment had become their new home after Teddy said they couldn't come back to his house until they were potty trained.

"You can't keep them here while I'm gone," she told him as she made her way out onto the balcony.

Finn patted one of the dog's heads. "Oh, S, come on. It's just until they they're potty trained. After that, Teddy says I can bring them back to our place."

Sienna sat down across from him. "Finn, you know I've never been much of a pet person. You and Teddy love dogs."

"But we don't love cleaning," Finn said. "And your apartment is always so nice and clean."

"Exactly! Why mess it up with two dogs?"

"Because you clean up after them," Finn replied.

Sienna smacked his arm. "They're your dogs! You should be the one cleaning up after them! They're not even mine!"

Finn pulled the white dog onto his lap. "Mommy doesn't mean it, Bear. She loves you."

"You changed its name again?"

"He didn't look like a Bailey anymore," Finn said.

Sienna sighed. "They can stay here until I go on tour. After that, they're going back to your place."

"Fair enough. Besides, I reckon Teddy's starting to miss them."

The black puppy began whimpering and Sienna lifted him into her lap. "I reckon Cosmo's getting jealous," she said.

"Aw, sorry, Cosmo. Daddy loves you and Bear equally." Finn leaned over and kissed the dog's head.

"Finn, why is the white dog named Bear but the black one isn't?"

"Bears can be white too!"

"Uh huh."

"But you make some good points." He clapped his hands together. "Okay, new plan! Bear is no longer Bear. His name is now Oscar. And the black one can be Shadow."

"What the hell happened to Bear?"

"I'm not feeling it anymore."

Sienna rolled her eyes. "When we have kids, you realize I'm naming them, right?"

Finn shrugged. "Make fun all you want but I just want my boys to have proper names."

Sienna sighed. "Shadow and Oscar it is…until you change your mind again…"

Finn checked the time on his watch. "So, what time did we say we'd meet Teddy at the bar?"

"Eight thirty," Sienna replied. "Luke said he and Alicia were coming too."

Finn grinned. "Glad to see Bishop out and about again."

Sienna nodded. "Just wait until he hears Gracie's got a date."

"You're kidding."

"Nope. I get to meet him when I perform at the Ball next week."

Finn raised his eyebrows. "Who's the lucky bloke?"

"Do you remember Mason from Hogwarts? He used to have the biggest crush on Grace."

"Are you going to tell Luke?"

"Nope."

"Why not?"

Sienna shrugged. "It's not my place. Besides, he's finally happy again. I don't want him to have another setback."

Finn set the dog down and checked his watch. "We should get going, babe."

"Okay," she said, setting Shadow down.





Believe


So give me something to believe

Cause I am living just to breathe

And I need something more

To keep on breathing for

So give me something to believe

-The Bravery



* * *



The kitchen table at Number 4 Grimmauld Place could easily fit twenty people and most nights it did. Teddy and Finn had people over nearly every single day. Harry and Ginny came by with the kids at least once a week. Andromeda and Grandma Weasley liked to drop by every so often with baked goods. Even Finn's parents had the habit of dropping by occasionally—usually to criticize. Most nights, however, Teddy and Finn had their old friends from school come over or their new friends from work join them for a small get together. Number 4 Grimmauld Place was no longer the dark and gloomy house of Black, haunted by the painful memories of the Order of the Phoenix and Sirius Black. It had become a light and joyous place full of happy memories and laughter.

The weekends were filled with parties and teas and dinners. All their friends would come over. They would stay up at all hours of the night drinking and partying and just having a good time. The only thing that was missing in his perfect little life was Victoire. In the midst of a great party where all his buddies were drinking and laughing, the girls were giggly and dancing, and the music was on point, Teddy would sit back and look around at all his friends. He'd sometimes sneak a peek at Finn and Sienna. It was the small moments. While everybody else would be laughing and having a good time, Teddy would catch a small glimpse of them. It would be Sienna innocently resting her head on Finn's shoulder or the small smile they'd exchange from across the room. It was in these small, tiny moments that Teddy realized he wasn't quite as happy as he thought he was. He wished Victoire had graduated Hogwarts with them. He wished she was living with them at Number 4 Grimmauld Place. He wished that she'd be waiting for him when he returned home from work or that she'd be lying beside him in bed when he woke up in the morning. He wished he had Victoire by side just like Finn had Sienna by his side.

"Oh no," Finn said as he entered the kitchen.

"What?" Teddy asked.

"You've got your Victoire face," Finn told him as he poured himself a cup of tea.

Teddy didn't respond. He grabbed a biscuit from the counter. "I just miss her. That's all."

Finn nodded understandingly. "Well, she comes home for the holidays tomorrow. You must be excited."

"I am," Teddy said with a grin. "I just have to get through today."

"Which shouldn't be too hard. You're going on your first real mission as an auror today. That must be exciting."

Teddy shrugged. "Not as exciting as your big game tonight. I'm sorry I can't be there."

Finn waved him off. "You've got work. And your work is a lot more important than mine. You're making the world a better place. I'm just swinging a bat around and looking good."

"Still, it's your biggest game of the year. I wish I could be there."

"Yeah, me too. Even Sienna won't be able to make it. She's got her big performance at the Hogwarts Ball tonight."

Teddy shook his head in disbelief. "It's crazy, isn't it? This time last year, Sienna was this terrified little schoolgirl who had stage fright and was terrified to get up and perform in front of all her friends."

"And now she's this huge superstar who's performed all over the world in front of a crowd of thousands."

"Time flies," Teddy muttered.

"On the bright side," Finn said suddenly, "they're letting me bring Moose and Fluffy."

"What?"

"The puppies," Finn said obviously. "They're letting me bring them to the game tonight."

Teddy groaned. "Finn, you changed their names again?"

"When the right name comes along, I'll know."

"You're unbelievable. If you're not careful, those two are going to be having an identity crisis."

"They're dogs. What do they know?"



* * *



The Great Hall had been transformed over night. The four long tables had been removed. Instead, several round tables had been strategically placed on one side of the room. A large stage and an even bigger dance floor took up the rest of the Hall. Students and teachers were running around with ladders and decorations. Hagrid and Neville were dragging Christmas trees inside. Several Hufflepuffs were having trouble dragging an ice sculpture across the Hall. The Headmaster was placing fairy lights around the room with an easy wave of his wand.

Danielle, Victoire, and Sienna stood on the stage. Sienna was looking around the Hall in amazement as all the volunteers worked to set up the Ball. Danielle was frowning down at her clipboard. She was muttering under her breath, flipping through the different pages. Victoire stood supervising the set up with her hands on her hips. She was directing Hagrid and Neville, telling them where they needed to place the ten foot tall Christmas trees.

Finally, Danielle sighed and looked up. "Alright, Sienna. If everything's working then you're free to go. I reckon you've got a few hours until you've got to start getting ready." She looked around anxiously. "Merlin, we're so behind schedule."

Victoire gasped. "Hagrid, careful! There's a student behind you." She grimaced. "Oi, that's got to hurt."

Sienna looked at the twinkling lights around them impressively. "The place looks great!"

"Thanks," Danielle replied. "And Sienna, thank you so much for performing here for free."

"Don't worry about it. Hogwarts is home. Besides, I reckon St. Mungo's could use the money more than I could."

"Dani, where do you want those ice sculptures?" Victoire asked, turning around.

"I want those two placed by the entrance," she muttered, pointing to the two largest ice sculptures. "The others need to be placed by the tables. I don't want any accidents on the dance floor."

Victoire nodded. "Sounds like a plan."

Danielle looked at Victoire. "Vic, you take a break. You've been up all night helping me. Your new task is to relax and keep Sienna company."

Victoire gave her a dubious look. "Dani, there's so much to do."

"And we've got plenty of volunteers to take care of it," Danielle told her. She motioned toward Sienna. "Now, go have some fun."

Victoire sighed but agreed. Danielle scurried off, shouting orders to anybody within hearing distance. Victoire took a deep breath and smiled weakly at Sienna. "It's been a long day."

Sienna laughed and the two girls hugged each other tightly.

"S, I've missed you so much," Victoire mumbled.

"I know. Me too!" Sienna finally released her. "Let's go back to my dressing room so I can change out of this costume and put on something comfortable."

"Have you seen Gracie and Skylar yet?" Victoire asked as they headed back to her room.

"They popped in earlier to say hi, but I had to go to dress rehearsal. Hopefully, we'll all get a chance to hang out tonight."

"Yeah, hopefully," Victoire replied. "If we don't, we'll have plenty of time on the train tomorrow. You're spending the night in town, right? Teddy says you were planning on just grabbing the train home with us tomorrow."

Sienna nodded. "I hope so. I'm going to be too tired to head back home tonight. Plus, if I leave with you tomorrow, we'll get hours to catch up on the train!" She opened her dressing room and let out a delighted yelp. "Myron!" she exclaimed.

Myron, the scruffy lead singer of the Weird Sisters, was waiting for them in the dressing room.

"What are you doing here?" Sienna demanded eagerly before hugging him.

"The band wanted to make a surprise appearance during your performance tonight. We figured it'd be a fun way to congratulate you on your tour."

Sienna beamed. "Is the rest of the band here? I wanna see them!"

"They'll be arriving later today," Myron said before turning to Victoire. "Victoire, right?"

Victoire shook his hand. She was blushing fiercely. "That's right. It's nice to see you again, Myron."

Sienna sat down on the couch and Victoire and Myron followed in her lead.

"So, how's the tour planning going?" Myron asked her.

Sienna sighed. "Stressful. I want it to be perfect and there's so many little details."

"The most important thing is the music," Myron told her. "And I've heard your album. It's brilliant. I love it."

Sienna looked thrilled. "Really?"

"Absolutely. My wife and I play it all the time. Sienna, I've always been blown away by your lyrics. You've really outdone yourself this time."

"My favorite is the one about Finn," Victoire teased.

"Mine too," Myron said with a grin. "So romantic."

"Who said any of those songs are about Findley?" Sienna demanded.

"Well, aren't they?"

"Yeah, maybe," Sienna admitted.

Myron chuckled. "So, how is Finn? Still treating you right?"

Sienna couldn't help but smile. "Yeah, he is."

"Are you happy?" Myron asked her.

"Happier than I've ever been before," Sienna said breathlessly. "All my dreams are coming true. My music, the tour, Findley…"

Myron looked at her concernedly.

"What?" Sienna asked warily. "I know that look."

"It's just…I wanna make sure you're prepared for the fame."

"What do you mean?"

"The paparazzi," Victoire replied. "The media pumping out fake stories about you, everything you do and say being criticized, your picture being on the cover of every magazine…it's going to be your living hell…"

Sienna stared at her. "You're just a ray of sunshine."

"But she's right," Myron said. "The fame…it's the reason for my first marriage failing. It can cause a strain on your relationship."

"Finn and I are prepared for it," Sienna said confidently.

"Your whole life is about to change, S. It's not just your relationship with Finn. It's everything. You're going to have to be strong. You're going to have to be prepared for the worst."

There was a knock on the door. "Myron, are you in there? Your wife has just arrived with the kids and they're looking for you."

Myron stood up. He gave Sienna a serious look. "Don't let what people say get to you because unfortunately people will talk. Just do what you love and forget about the rest of the world."

Sienna smiled. "I will. Thanks, Myron."

When Myron was gone, Sienna turned to face Victoire. "The press…are they really that bad?"

Victoire shrugged. "Uncle Harry and Aunt Ginny complain about them a lot. I mean, according to Witch Weekly, they've gotten divorced ten times just this year. But they just don't let it bother them. I'm sure you and Finn will be fine if you ignore it like Harry and Ginny do."

Sienna sighed. "Okay, new topic."

"Yeah?"

"Grace," Skylar said seriously. "I saw her this morning. She looked absolutely miserable."

"That's because she is," Victoire replied. "She's been like this all term. And when Grace is unhappy, everybody's unhappy. She's been impossible."

"What do you mean?"

"She snaps at everybody, hardly spends any time with me and Skylar, locks herself in the library all day…"

"Because of what's happening with her dad?"

"It's what Gracie does. She ignores the real problem until it eats her alive. She just throws herself into her studies and shuts everybody out."

"Is she still going to the Ball with Mason?"

"I think so." Victoire bit her lower lip nervously. "I think she's still in love with Lucas, though. I don't see her and Mason going anywhere."

"I swear, I don't understand why she and Luke even broke up. If they're both this miserable without each other, then why not just stay together."

"That's what I've been saying." Victoire threw her hands up in frustration.

"And Skylar?" Sienna asked. "How's our girl doing."

"Pretty good. She and Ethan have a bit of a thing going. They're even going to the Ball together."

"Why do you sound so unsure?"

Victoire hesitated. "Skye…she's keeping something from us…"

"What do you mean?"

"I-I don't know. It's hard to explain. She's just been so secretive these past couple of months. She's different."

Sienna studied Victoire's face. "And what's bothering you?" she asked quietly.

"Me?" Victoire asked, surprised.

"I could see it since I saw you this morning. You're unhappy about something."

Victoire flinched. "Just being here…preparing for the ball…it brings back some bad memories…"

Sienna's eyes softened. "About Grayson?"

Victoire bowed her head shamefully. "It's been a year and I still get nightmares about him…" She hesitantly looked up at Sienna. "Am I the worst Gryffindor ever?"

"No," Sienna said firmly. "You're human. Grayson attacked you. He drugged you, he beat you up, he tried to rape you…Anybody would react in the same way…"

Victoire gulped. "I just keep getting weird flashes of that night. Every time somebody mentions something about the Ball, I'm reminded of that night."

"Then volunteering to help plan the Ball probably wasn't a good idea," Sienna said.

"I was just trying to honor Chris. I was trying to make something good come out of such a bad memory."

Sienna stared at her hands. "Do you miss him?"

"More than anything."

"It's so unfair…Chris, he was the good guy. Best person I ever met. None of this should have happened to him."

Victoire's eyes glittered with tears. "I think about him all the time."

Sienna took Victoire's hand. "At least we can make Chris's death mean something. His death made people all over the country aware of the prejudices muggleborns still face today. Chris's death won't go in vain. We'll make it mean something. We'll make sure the discrimination ends. We'll make sure nothing like this ever happens again."

Victoire let out a tiny sob. "I hope so."

Sienna's Witch Mirror buzzed. She reached over and grabbed it. "Not now, Finn."

"I miss you too, baby. Good talk."

Sienna cracked a small smile. "Sorry. I'm with Victoire."

"Hey, Finn," Victoire croaked.

Finn waved. "Sorry to interrupt. I just wanted to let you know that I talked to Teddy and he promised me he'd be careful today."

Victoire took the mirror from Sienna's hand. "Was he nervous at all?" she asked, wiping away her tears quickly.

Finn frowned but chose to ignore the fact that Victoire was crying. "No, he wasn't nervous. More excited. Big mission and all."

"Are you worried about him?" Sienna asked.

Victoire gulped. "It's his first real mission as an auror. He's going to be putting his life in danger."

Finn smiled. "Yeah, but Teddy knows what he's doing."

Sienna nodded in agreement. "It's what he's been training for. He's ready for this."

Victoire swallowed. "I just have a bad feeling about tonight." She shuddered. "I can't shake the feeling that something bad's going to happen."



* * *



When Mason finally found Grace, she was sitting on the steps of the Grand Staircase. Her backpack was beside her and she was reading the Daily Prophet silently. Mason smiled and took a seat beside her.

"What are you reading?" he asked.

Grace glanced up at him and gave him a half-smile. "Nothing good." She sighed and folded up the newspaper. "A muggleborn girl was killed last night in her home. Authorities think it was a hate crime but they're still investigating."

Mason shook his head grimly. "When did all this violence against muggleborns even begin again? I thought all that ignorance was in the past. I thought we were supposed to be the Golden Age."

"I don't know why there's still discrimination against muggleborns." She looked down sadly. "Chris would still be alive if he hadn't been a muggleborn. That innocent girl would still be alive."

"At least it's better than it was fifty years ago. It's a lot safer now to be a muggleborn than it was back then."

Grace's eyes flashed. "There shouldn't be any danger. Innocent people shouldn't be getting killed because their parents are muggles."

"I agree," Mason muttered. "But the world's a sick place. We like to think that we've moved on from the past but there's still plenty of people who still carry on the hatred for muggles."

"It's the twenty first century! It's been nearly eighteen years since the Battle of Hogwarts! Why are people still so ignorant?" Grace demanded.

"Mason, Dani's been looking for you!" Carter Finch shouted from the bottom of the staircase.

Mason stood up grimly. "Victoire roped me into helping set up for the Ball." He gave her a tentative smile. "I guess I'll meet you at the top of the stairs at seven?"

Grace grinned and nodded. "Sounds good! I'm actually really excited about tonight."

Mason beamed. "Good! I'll see you later, Gracie," he said eagerly before traipsing down the stairs.

Grace sighed before grabbing her bag and standing up.

"Sorry, Grace! I nearly ran into you." Alexander stopped suddenly, clutching the papers in his hands tightly.

Grace smiled. "It's okay. I'm short. People tend to run me over a lot."

Alexander laughed. "Actually, I was just headed back to my office." He showed her the papers he was holding. "I was hoping to finish the last of these essays before I had to chaperone the ball tonight."

Grace eyed the essays in his arms. "So, have you graded mine yet?"

Alexander hesitated. "Yes."

"And?" Grace pressed eagerly.

He sighed. "It was fantastic. Like always."

Grace beamed. "Really?"

Alexander nodded. "I gave it an outstanding. Grace, I know as a teacher, I'm not supposed to have favorites, but I'm about to break that little rule. You, Ms. Rhodes, are definitely my favorite."

"Because I get good grades?" Grace guessed.

"I think you'd be my favorite even if you got the worst grades in the class," Alexander confided in her.

Grace blinked. "Why?"

He grinned. "Because I don't like you because of your grades. I mean, don't get me wrong, that definitely makes grading your papers a lot easier, but the reason I like you is because you're motivated and passionate. You participate in class discussions and challenge everything I say with questions. You're any teacher's dream student…because…well, because you actually care about what you're learning. You're genuinely inquisitive and curious and you want to learn more. It's not something I see in most of my students."

Grace turned bright red. "Thank you, sir."

"I'm expecting great things from you, Grace," Alexander warned her. "Don't let me down."

"I won't," she promised. Grace smiled. "And a large portion of my success goes to you, Professor. I mean, you're one of the best teachers at our school. You make the subject interesting and fun…it makes us want to learn more…"

Alexander waved her off. "I can't take all the credit. My teaching style is very similar to that of my parents and of my mentor."

"I have to admit that I doubted you at first. You're so young to be a professor and I didn't think you had enough life experiences. I'm glad I was wrong. It turns out you're one of the most inspiring teachers I have. Even Skylar pays attention to what you say and that's saying something."

Alexander smiled. "That means a lot, Ms. Rhodes. I'm glad I could help." He suddenly frowned. "You know, Grace, I have never asked you what it is you want to do after Hogwarts. I imagine it's something along the lines of working for the ministry?"

Grace made a face. "Godric no. Being stuck in an office every single day for the rest of my life? That sounds miserable."

Alexander grimaced. "Tell me about it. Never in a million years did I think I'd become a teacher, stuck doing the same mundane job every day."

"Why'd you do it then?" Grace wanted to know. "You were traveling the world before. What made you stop all of that to come teach?"

Alexander shrugged. "The money. One day I realized that I had to grow up and get a real job."

"That's what I want to do," Grace admitted. "Travel the world. Make new discoveries. Get published!" She smiled dreamily. "It'd be such an adventure. I've grown up in an ordinary magical town with the same people my whole life. I want to see what else is out there."

Alexander nodded. "You'll get there one day, Gracie. If any of my students could, it'd be you."

Grace looked flustered. "Thank you."

"But for now," Alexander said seriously, "please try to have some fun, Grace."

"What do you mean?"

"Are you going to the Ball tonight?"

Grace nodded uncomfortably. "Yes, sir. With Mason."

"And your friends? Victoire and Skylar?"

Grace smiled. "Vic's boyfriend already graduated Hogwarts. She's going but without a date. As for Skylar, she and Ethan are still going pretty strong."

Alexander's smile wavered for an instant. "Good. I'm glad. All you girls deserve to have some fun. Especially you, Grace. You need to take a break from all the schoolwork you do. You stress yourself out too much. I can see it. All us teachers can see it. You know, it's okay to let loose every once in a while. Nobody will hold it against you. "

"I will," she said begrudgingly.

He chuckled to himself before taking a step forward. "Have a good break, Grace."

Grace gave him a small wave and Alexander continued his way down to his office. Several students shouted his name and stopped him along the way to talk. Alexander hadn't expected liking to be a teacher so much. He got to blabber on for hours about cool dark magical artifacts and bore his students with different defensive techniques. It was brilliant.

Alexander sighed, shifting his papers to the other arm. The hallways were getting more crowded as classes were over. It was that odd time of the day where class was over but it was too early for the students to be getting ready for the Ball. Most of them were loitering in the hallways in groups. Alexander walked past a particularly rowdy group of sixth years. He turned his head sideways to see what it was that was making them laugh so hard. Howard Lee was sitting in the middle of the circle telling what appeared to be a very animated story. About ten kids were listening to him, laughing. Ethan and Skylar were among them. Skylar sat against the stone wall. Ethan was sitting beside her with his hand gently resting on her knee. They were both laughing at Howard's story. Skylar's head was thrown back as she laughed like a little kid.

Alexander's eyes lingered on her for an instant. He smiled sadly before turning to look away and continuing down the hall. It was what Skylar needed—to be around people her own age, to be living a normal healthy teenage life. She was laughing and she was happy…it was what she needed.



* * *



Finn closed his eyes and leaned back against his locker.

"Alright, West?" Luke asked as he slipped on his uniform.

Finn opened his eyes. "I'm just a bit nervous."

"It's our biggest game of the year," Luke said knowingly. "That's normal."

Finn gulped. "It's the first game that Sienna isn't here for," he admitted, embarrassed.

"Oh yeah. She's got her performance at Hogwarts tonight." Luke grabbed his broom. "And Lupin? Where's he at?

"His first raid as an auror was today. I don't know if he got back in time for the game."

"I guess we'll see when we go out," Luke replied as he handed Finn his broom.

"I just keeping thinking about the fact that S won't be here," Finn muttered. He looked up at Luke. "Luke, distract me. Tell me something to make me forget that S and Teddy aren't here."

Luke considered it. "Well," he said slowly, "Alicia gave me an ultimatum before the game just now."

Finn's eyes widened. "About what?"

"About either making it official or ending things for good," Luke replied.

Alicia had sighed and flipped her black hair back over her shoulder. Her dark brown eyes bore into his. "I'm tired of this, Luke."

Luke had stood back uncomfortably. "Alicia, I have to get into the locker room. I have to get ready."

Alicia looked back at the crowd cheering in the stands behind her. "I don't know if it can keep going on like this." She tugged at her Chudley Cannons t-shirt awkwardly.

"What do you mean?" Luke asked urgently, glancing back at the locker rooms.

"I mean you have to choose. Either you finally try to forget about Grace and try to commit or we should just end this before either one of us gets hurt."

Luke stared at her, shocked. "What?"

Alicia took a deep breath and looked around. "Listen, your game starts in a few minutes. You should get into the locker room to change."

"Alicia, wait!" Luke called. "We have to talk."

She shook her head and forced a smile. "We can talk after the game."

"Well, what'd you say?" Finn demanded impatiently.

"I didn't answer."

"Why not?" Finn asked, outraged. "Alicia, a gorgeous model, wants to be your girlfriend and you hesitate."

"The idea of leaving Grace behind terrifies me," Luke replied. "I don't know if I'm ready to let go of her for good." He sighed. "But then again, I could see myself being really happy with Alicia."

"So, what are you going to do?" Finn asked.

Luke shrugged. "I have no idea. All I know is that I have make some sort of decision and find Alicia after the game. She's right about one thing: it's not fair to be stringing her along."

Finn patted his shoulder. "When the time comes, you'll know what to do, mate."

Their coach stepped into the locker room. "Alright, boys!" he shouted. "It's time."





Down By The Water


Everybody's gotta love someone

But, I just wanna love you, dear

Everybody's gotta feel something

I just wanna be with you, my dear

I know it's hard, I know it's hard

I know it's hard to be in this position

If they stop loving, I won't stop loving you

If they stop needing you, I'll still need you, my dear

If you fall asleep down by the water

Baby, I'll carry you all the way home

If you fall asleep down by the water

Baby, I'll carry you all the way home

-The Drums



* * *



Teddy twirled his wand in his hands. He muttered words of comfort to himself, hoping to ignite a spark of confidence in himself.

"Nervous?" Harry asked. He was standing over Teddy with a grim smile.

"Me? Nervous?" Teddy chuckled nervously.

Harry laughed before taking a seat across from his godson. "Don't be. You were born to do this."

"Yeah? What if I wasn't? What if it turns out becoming an Auror was a huge mistake and I'm just not cut out for it."

"Then you'll find a new career," Harry replied with a shrug. "But that's not gonna happen."

"What makes you so sure?" Teddy demanded.

"Because you're a lot like your parents," Harry said. "And they fought dark magic everyday."

"You say that but my parents fought the darkest wizard of all time. I've never even come close to doing something like that."

"Well, consider yourself lucky," Harry said, pointing to the lightning shaped scar on his forehead.

"You know what I mean," Teddy said. "My parents were brave and skilled. I could never stand a chance against Voldemort."

"Yes, you could," Harry told him firmly. "However, lucky for you, you won't be facing anybody nearly as sadistic as Voldemort today." He stood up and patted Teddy on the back. "You'll do great, Teddy. I trained you personally. I wouldn't send you out there if I didn't think you were ready."

"Where are you going?" Teddy asked, his eyes widening.

"Ron and I have to do some raids." He shrugged. "Standard stuff. Nothing to worry about. I'll be back in time for us to go get dinner."

Teddy gulped. "Okay," he murmured as he watched Harry walk away.



* * *



Sienna took a deep breath. She was standing backstage as people swarmed all around her. There was a woman casting a charm on Sienna's microphone to amplify her voice. A man was applying blush on her cheeks. Several women were adjusting her dress, making sure it fit properly. Somebody she couldn't see was standing behind her, fixing her hair.

"Vic," Sienna said, spotting Victoire standing behind the crowd of people gathered around her making sure she was stage ready.

"Yeah?" Victoire asked, handing somebody a clipboard.

"How are the Chudley Cannons doing?" Sienna asked. She let out a cry of frustration. "That's enough!" she exclaimed, irritated. "I look fine." The women tugged at her dress once more before Sienna ushered them all away. Sienna turned to face Victoire. "The game," she repeated. "How's it going?"

Victoire sighed. "Nobody's scored yet. It looks like it'll be a close game."

Music began playing loudly and the audience began cheering. Sienna took a deep breath. "Looks like it's time," she said with a grin before stepping onto the stage.

"That's it," Danielle said, appearing beside Victoire. "The Ball's officially begun."



* * *



Mason looked down. He was standing at the top of the Grand Staircase waiting for Grace. Most people had already arrived at the Ball but there were still a few couples making their way inside. There was a couple getting their picture taken at the entrance. A group of giggling girls were gushing to each other about their dresses. At the bottom of the stairs, there was a couple snogging. A few couples were making their way toward the entrance eagerly, pointing to Sienna performing on the stage.

A tentative tap made Mason turn around. Grace was standing before him with a nervous smile. She'd left her dark brown hair down with loose waves. Her dress was a deep red color and it hugged her hips perfectly. Mason was wonderstruck by how stunning she looked.

"Sorry I'm late," Grace apologized. "Normally Skylar and Victoire are there to help me get ready. I'm no good at the makeup and hair thing." She grimaced, embarrassed.

Mason stared at her. "You were worth the wait," he finally managed to say. "And I don't just mean tonight."

Grace smiled. "Are you ready to go?"

Mason nodded and offered her his arm. "Absolutely."

The two of them carefully made their way down the Grand Staircase. A photographer snapped several pictures of the two of them together before finally allowing them inside.

Once they were inside, they could no longer hear the photographers snapping pictures of the students walking inside. The floor was vibrating by how loud the music was. Sienna was on stage singing and dancing. Most people were on the dance floor. Mason pointed ahead to where Skylar and Ethan were dancing wildly. Grace laughed.

"You want to eat something first?" Mason shouted over the music.

Grace nodded. "Yes!"

Mason led her toward the tables on the other side of the Great Hall where most of the seats were occupied. As soon as they walked away from the dance floor, the music faded away. It sounded faint and distant.

"They must have cast a charm around the tables," Grace said.

Mason nodded. "I don't mind. It makes it easier to hear you." He pulled out a chair for her.

"The food looks delicious!" Grace said eagerly as she began to serve herself.

"It does," Mason agreed.

"So, having fun yet?" Grace asked with a grin.

"Yeah, I am."

"Come on, I know I'm not the most exciting date," Grace told him. "I'm no Skylar." She motioned to the blonde girl in the blue dress being twirled on the dance floor.

Mason watched as Ethan and Skylar laughed happily. "They do look like they're having fun." He turned and smiled at Grace. "But so am I."

"Yeah?" Grace said dubiously.

He gave her an embarrassed smile. "Actually, this is all a little unreal to me. I've kinda had a crush on you since we were twelve. You…erm…you probably didn't know."

Grace bit back a laugh. "I knew."

Mason's eyes widened. "Wait…what?"

"That you had a bit of a crush on me? I knew."

"Well, why didn't you tell me!"

"What difference would that have made?" Grace said with a laugh. "You never did anything about it."

"Because I never thought you'd ever feel the same way," Mason exclaimed. "Not to mention you were dating Collin and then Lucas."

Grace laughed. "I guess that's true."

They smiled at each other and Grace felt her face turn bright red. Mason made her wonder if it was possible to move on from Luke, to find somebody that made her smile and blush as much as Luke.

"Hey, guys!" Victoire said cheerfully as she plopped down in the seat across from them. "How's the ball going?"

"Victoire, you guys did a great job with the ball. It looks amazing." Mason told her sincerely.

Victoire beamed. "Thanks! We've raised so much money already."

Grace smiled. "That's good."

Victoire suddenly narrowed her eyes at them. "So, why aren't you two dancing with everybody else?"

"I'm not much of a dancer," Grace pointed out.

Victoire waved her off. "Nonsense." She looked at Mason. "Mason, make Grace go dance with you."

Mason looked at Grace. "What do you say?" he asked, offering her his hand.

Grace hesitated. She glanced at Victoire. "You won't let me say no, will you?"

"Nope!" Victoire replied with a grin.

Grace sighed and turned back to Mason. "Well, then, I guess I would love to." She took his hand. "Just don't laugh at me."

"Only if you promise not to laugh at me either," Mason replied as he led her onto the dance floor.

On stage, Sienna finished up her song. She grabbed her microphone tightly. "So, I want to slow things down a bit," she announced. "This is a new song on my album. I don't know if any of you have heard it yet…but it's about a friend of mine that recently passed away. Many of you knew Christopher. In fact, this Ball was thrown in his honor." Somebody handed Sienna a guitar. "Chris, this one is for you."

Victoire froze. She slowly made her way to the dance floor where she could hear the music more clearly. Everybody on the dance floor had stopped dancing. They had all turned to face Sienna in awed silence. Skylar lit her wand up and held it up. The rest of the school followed in her lead as they swayed back and forth to the song. It was a slow and sad melody. It made Victoire went to curl up in a ball on the floor and cry. But she didn't. Instead, Victoire kept her head up and her face was unreadable. She spotted Danielle standing by the stage. She was clutching her clipboard tightly to her chest. Tears were streaming down her cheeks and her face had become red and blotchy.

"It's a beautiful song."

Victoire turned around to see who had spoken. She found Neville standing before her with a sad expression etched upon his face.

"Yeah, it is," Victoire said quietly.

"It's my favorite one off the album," Neville told her.

Victoire gulped back a sob. "Chris would have loved it."

Neville put his hand gently on Victoire's shoulders. "Vic, I'm going to stop being Professor Longbottom for a minute, okay? I'm going to be Uncle Neville for a second."

"Okay."

"Vic, it's okay to be sad and scared."

"Not here. Not now." Victoire shook her head. "If I let myself be sad, I'm scared I'll turn to the drinking again and it'll be like Beauxbaton all over again."

"Victoire, you're loads stronger now than you were two years ago. You can handle it now."

"You think so?"

"Absolutely," Neville promised her.

Victoire smiled. "Hey, Neville, I never really thanked you for helping rescue me from Grayson last year."

"Don't thank me. I showed up when all the action was over. Honestly, I really didn't do much."

"You did enough," Victoire told him.

Neville nodded. "I promised your parents I would protect you when you came to Hogwarts."

"And you have," Victoire assured him. She hugged him tightly. "I'm so lucky that you're a teacher here."



* * *



Ethan had his hands gently resting on Skylar's waist as they slowly swayed back and forth, listening to Sienna sing about Chris. Skylar felt her eyes begin to sting and she silently cursed herself for being so weak in front of Ethan.

Ethan noticed Skylar's watery eyes and he tightened his grip around her. "Skye," he said slowly, "are you okay?"

Skylar nodded. "Yeah. It's just a beautiful song, that's all."

"Yeah, it is," Ethan agreed quietly.

They continued swaying to the song in silence. When Sienna finished, the audience burst into thunderous applause. Amidst all the cheering, Ethan finally released Skylar to join in on the clapping. Skylar spotted Victoire and Neville embracing tightly at the edge of the dance floor. Victoire looked like she was about to burst into tears. Ethan turned to see what Skylar was staring at and his eyes softened when he saw Victoire.

"You know," he said, "I've always admired how you and your friends handled everything that happened with Chris. Skylar, you've been so strong though all of this. I don't know if I could be that strong."

Skylar looked at him. "I don't feel strong."

"But you are," Ethan told her.

"Thank you," Skylar said with a small smile.

On stage, the Weird Sisters made a surprise appearance. Everybody in the Great Hall began to cheer wildly as upbeat music started playing. Myron and Sienna were singing together and everybody began dancing again.

Skylar spotted Grace and Mason dancing happily several feet away from her. She grinned, glad to see Grace finally enjoying herself. Skylar's heart skipped a beat when she spotted Alexander standing by the lunch bowl. He was talking to the Headmaster. There was a faint smile on his face and he looked at ease as he chatted with his coworkers. Skylar sighed and turned to face Ethan.

"Wanna get back to dancing?" She asked, forcing a smile on her face.



* * *



Finn landed on the field. He barked out a loud cheer as his teammates landed all around him, celebrating their win. Everybody began to storm the field, cheering wildly.

"Finn!" Luke shouted as he ran toward him.

The two boys threw their arms around each other and hugged tightly.

"We won!" Luke shouted in Finn's ear.

There was a light tap on Luke's back. He turned around to see Alicia. She tucked a strand of her black hair behind her ear nervously. "Congratulations on the win," she said to both boys.

Luke smiled. "Thanks, Leesh."

Finn grinned. He patted Luke's back. "Anyway, I'll leave you two to…talk…" He started backing away. "I'll find you guys later!"

"Actually," Alicia said, "Finn, you'd better stay. You'll probably want to hear this too…"



* * *



Around eleven, the Ball begin to slow down. Most people had left to sneak out to after parties where there were plenty of fire whiskeys to go around. Sienna had begun to sing slow songs as there were only a few couples remaining on the dance floor.

Skylar rested her head on Ethan's shoulder as they slowly swayed back and forth. His hands gently rubbed her back. Skylar opened her eyes. Her eyes instantly locked with Alexander's from across the Hall. He was standing with several of the other chaperones. Skylar finally tore her eyes away from his and she focused her attention back on Ethan.

"So," Ethan said, "are you ready to head over to the afterparty?"

Skylar nodded. "Sounds good. I could go for a firewhiskey."

Ethan grinned and took her hand. "Alright. Let's get going."

They left the Ball hand-in-hand. Skylar glanced back for a split second and she saw Alexander was no longer watching her. He was talking to the Astronomy professor. Skylar turned her head back and continued down to the Room of Requirement with Ethan.

"Hey, guys!" Mason called them over. He and Grace were standing by the foot of the Grand Staircase. "Leaving?"

"Yeah, we're going to the afterparty in the Room of Requirement," Ethan told him. "Are you guys going?"

Grace shook her head. "I don't think so."

"We're exhausted," Mason informed them. "We danced all night."

"You sure?" Skylar asked, flipping her long hair back. "The party will be fun."

"Sleep is also fun," Grace told her.

Mason took her hand. "I'll walk you up," he said.

"Okay," Grace said cheerfully as they made their way up the staircase.

"So, did you have fun tonight?" Mason asked her shyly.

Grace squeezed his hand. "Absolutely," she replied as they reached the Portrait Hole. The Fat Lady was fast asleep, her head slumped forward as she snored quietly.

He nodded, satisfied. "Brilliant. I'll…erm…I'll leave you to it, then." He took a step back. "Look for me on the train tomorrow? I reckon we'll be the only ones who aren't hungover."

Grace laughed. "You're probably right. I don't know what they were thinking having the ball the night before we leave."

Mason grinned. "Yeah. See you tomorrow."

"Mason, wait—" Grace grabbed Mason's arm and pulled him back. She pressed her lips against his. Mason responded by wrapping his arms around her waist and deepening the kiss.

"Wow," Grace said breathlessly. She pulled away from him, her eyes wide in shock as she stared at him.

Mason released her and took a step back. "It's not what you expected, is it?" he asked quietly.

Grace shook her head. "I'm sorry."

"You're still in love with him, aren't you?" Mason guessed.

"I really wish I wasn't," she told him. "I wish I could feel for you what I do for him. You're the perfect guy, Mason."

"Yeah?" Mason asked dubiously.

"The kiss was great," Grace told him. "It's just…there were no sparks…not like with Luke…" Her eyes locked with his. "Do you understand?"

Mason shrugged "I wish I could. I've never been in love. Not like that." He gave her a forced smile. "Good night, Gracie."

Grace watched him slouch away sadly. She took a deep breath and turned around. "Oi, wake up," she snapped at the Fat Lady.



* * *



"One, two, three!" Ethan said. He and Skylar gulped down a shot.

"Merlin, that stuff's strong," Skylar gasped, inspecting the tiny glass in her hand.

Ethan nodded. "Another?" he asked, grinning.

"Definitely," Skylar replied, slamming the glass back down on the table.

"Oi, Ethan! You're here!" A group of sixth year blokes were calling Ethan from the opposite side of the room.

Ethan glanced at them. "I'll be right back," he told Skylar. "I'm just gonna go say hi to some friends."

"Yeah, sure," Skylar replied distractedly as she poured herself another drink. As Ethan walked away, she gulped down some more rum. She looked around the crowded room. The loud music blaring combined with the buzz of chatter and laughter as people screamed over one another was beginning to give Skylar a head ache.

"Hey, Skye, come do some shots with us!" Somebody shouted from behind her.

"Oh, hey, Skylar! Wanna come dance with us?" The familiar voice of a girl called out to her.

Skylar, bored, decidedly ignored all her drunk classmates around her. She stood on her tiptoes, searching for the familiar blonde hairs of Victoire and Sienna. She figured they'd at least stop by the party, but they were nowhere to be seen.

Skylar found herself wandering out of the Room of Requirement. The moment the large double doors closed behind her, all the noise disappeared and was replaced by complete and utter silence and darkness. Skylar took a deep breath as she found herself roaming the castle after dark. She walked down the empty hallways, listening as the portraits snored and slept. Skylar stopped in front of a wooden door and stared at it. She slowly lifted her hand up and knocked.

A moment later, the door opened to reveal Alexander on the other side. "Skylar," he said in surprise.

"I saw you watching me dance with Ethan," she said quietly.

Alexander's eyes softened. "Skye…"

Skylar took a step inside. "Just admit you have feelings for me," she said as she closed the door behind her. Skylar peered around his room. It was tiny, smaller than her room back home. There was a bed in the middle and a wooden desk pushed against the wall. Alexander had crammed the rest of his room with different dark detectors and old artifacts he'd found in his travels.

"Skylar, what we had in the summer…it's over…" Alexander told her gently.

Skylar shook her head. She took a step closer to him. "No, it's not. I know you still have feelings for me. I can see you do. Just admit it." She took a step closer to him. She could feel the heat of his body.

"I can't," Alexander said. "Skye…"

"I know you do," Skylar murmured. She pulled him down by the collar and smashed her lips against his. Alexander's shock wore off quickly and he lifted her up slightly, wrapping his arms around her waist. Skylar ran her fingers through his soft, messy hair. Alexander's hand slid up her back, pressing her closer to him.



* * *



Victoire watched as people swarmed around Sienna. There was a woman holding a clipboard and shouting orders.

"Alright! Alright! Let me change now, please!" Sienna yelled over everybody.

Victoire stepped aside, allowing the lady with the clipboard and everybody else file out of the dressing room. She gingerly closed the door behind the last person and took a deep breath.

Sienna grinned at her. "The Ball went great, Vic!" she exclaimed. "See, you were just being paranoid. There was nothing to worry about. Nothing bad's happened tonight."

Finn burst into the room. There were beads of sweat on his forehead and he was still wearing his dirty uniform from his game hours earlier. His face was red and he looked terrified. "Something's happened!" he told them, panicked.

Sienna blinked. "I spoke too soon," she muttered.

Finn looked at Victoire. "Vic, it's bad."

The knot in the pit of Victoire's stomach returned. Her heart began to pound and she realized her palms were suddenly sweaty. "Is it Teddy?" she asked, looking panicked.





The Wrong Direction


I'd love to feel love but I can't stand the rejection

I hide behind my jokes as a form of protection

I thought I was close but under further inspection

It seems I've been running in the wrong direction

-Passenger



* * *



Victoire raced down the halls of St. Mungo's. She probably looked like a mad woman with her dress robes still on and her face smudged with make up. She spotted Ginny first. She was sitting in the waiting room, her face buried in her hands.

"MUM!" James shouted, shoving Victoire aside and sprinting toward his mother.

Ginny's head snapped up. She let out a small cry upon seeing James and stood up to embrace her oldest son.

Victoire stood back, remembering an hour earlier when she'd first heard the news of the attack.

"Is it Teddy?" Victoire had asked fearfully, her heart pounding. She was staring at Finn in horror.

"No," Finn replied. Relief washed over Victoire. "It's your uncles Harry and Ron."

"What?" Sienna squeaked.

Victoire felt her stomach drop. "No way," she said, shaking her head in denial. It couldn't have been Harry and Ron. They were the most skilled aurors of the age. Who could hurt them?

"We have to go find your younger cousins and get them to St. Mungo's," Finn told her. "Especially James."

"Vic!" Fleur squeaked, surprised. She was sitting beside a tearful Hermione.

Victoire ran toward her mother. "How are they?"

"We don't know," Hermione hiccuped. "They won't tell us anything."

Fleur pursed her lips together, shooting the Healers around them dirty looks. "I'm sure it'll be okay," she finally said, her voice soothing.

Victoire shook her head. "I don't understand. How did this happen?"

"The attack was unexpected," Bill replied. He frowned at his daughter. "How did you and your cousins get here?" he demanded, spotting Fred and Molly arriving behind her.

"Finn," Victoire replied. She turned her head, looking around the crowded waiting room. All the adults in her family were gathered here. "Where's Teddy?" she asked.

"All the Aurors are back at the ministry under questioning," Bill told her. "They won't release Teddy."

Victoire's eyes widened. "What?"

"I still don't understand how you got here?" Bill questioned her.

"The Headmaster allowed us to leave with Finn. We came by Floo Powder. We told him there was an emergency."

A Healer walked inside. "Mrs. Potter? Mrs. Weasley?"

Hermione and Ginny shot up.

The Healer, an older wizard, looked exhausted. "They're going to be okay. A few more days with us but they should be home by Christmas." All the adults let out a delighted cry. Victoire felt like she could finally breath again. James couldn't help but grin at the news.

Ginny looked relieved. Hermione let out a tiny sob. "Can we see them?" Hermione asked in a small voice.

The Healer looked around warily to the large family gathered around him. "Immediate family only. The rest of you will have to return in the morning during visiting hours."

Hermione glanced back at Percy. "Is Audrey still alright looking after Rose and Hugo?"

"Absolutely," Percy assured her. "We'll bring them here tomorrow morning first thing." He looked at Ginny. "Same thing goes for Al and Lily."

Ginny nodded. "Thanks, Perce."

"Are we ready?" The Healer asked Ginny and Hermione.

Hermione looked back at her family one more time. "Thank you guys for coming."

"No problem," George replied. "Those two are our brothers."

Victoire looked at her dad. "So, what exactly happened to Uncle Harry and Uncle Ron?"

"Not here," Bill said in a low voice.

"Vic!" Sienna called as she came sprinting into the waiting room. Finn was following closely behind her. "So, what happened? Is everything alright?"

"Looks like they're going to be okay," Victoire told her.

Finn cheered. "I knew Harry Potter and Ron Weasley couldn't be taken down that easily." He looked around. "So, how exactly did they get attacked?"

"Later," Bill told him, motioning toward the few strangers in the waiting room.

"We should all probably get going," Fleur said.

"Yeah, about that," Finn said, "you should all probably know that the press found out about the attack."

"Already?" Grandpa Weasley yelped.

"There are hundreds of photographers and reporters waiting outside the hospital."

"How are we going to get out of here?" Molly moaned. She was also still in her gown from the Ball.

"Looks like we're going the old fashioned way," George said grimly. "Floo Powder." He sighed. "Remember when we didn't have all these ruddy kids and we could just apparate everywhere?"

"Thanks, Dad," Fred said sarcastically. "Love you too."

Finn checked his watch. "S, we should get going too. Luke's waiting for us."

"Wait!" Victoire protested. "Where are you two going?"

"Ministry," Finn replied. "We're hoping to get Teddy released early so we can take him home and tell him Harry'll be okay."

Sienna nodded. "Yeah, he's probably freaking out right now."

"I wanna come with you guys!" Victoire exclaimed, scrambling toward them.

Finn shrugged. "Yeah, sure."

"Excuse me," Bill said sternly. "But where do you think you're going?"

Victoire looked back at her dad. "Dad, I have to go see Teddy!"

"Victoire," Fleur hissed, "it's one o'clock in the morning. Do you honestly believe we're going to allow you to go prancing around the ministry at this hour with reporters and photographers all targeting our family?"

"We're going home," Bill informed her. "You can see Teddy tomorrow after he's been released."

"Dad," Victoire said slowly. "No."

Finn and Sienna exchanged nervous looks. "Listen, Vic," Finn said awkwardly, "you should probably listen to your dad."

"Excuse me?" Victoire gaped at him. Finn was the last person who should be telling anybody to listen to their parents.

Bill glared at his daughter. "Victoire, this family has been through enough in one night. I do not need an argument with you right now. You will march home, get into bed, and sleep."

Victoire was about to protest when Sienna interrupted. "How about a compromise? Vic, why don 't you go home with your parents and if Teddy is released or any information is given to us we'll let you know right away."

Fleur grinned. "Sounds like a brilliant idea! Now, let's go." She pointed toward the exit.

Victoire let out a frustrated groan. "Fine." She looked at Sienna. "You tell me the moment you find out anything."

"I promise," Sienna assured her.

"And if Teddy's released, you bring him to Shell Cottage."

"Will do," Finn told her before taking Sienna's hand and sprinting away.



* * *



Finn stood back. The house was in complete darkness except for one window on the right.

"She must still be up," he remarked, pointing to the light.

Teddy nodded. "Yeah." He clapped Finn on the back. "I guess I should probably go tell her I'm okay."

Sienna threw her arms around Teddy and squeezed him tightly. "I'm so glad you're okay."

Teddy hugged her back, kissing the top of her head. "Thanks, S. I'm just glad Harry and Ron are going to be okay."

Finn nodded. "No kidding."

Teddy thanked them once more for waiting for him at the ministry. He walked onto the porch and snuck into the house through the back door. Teddy hoped desperately Bill didn't have some sort of silent alarm set for intruders. When nobody came running down the stairs shouting spells, Teddy assumed it was safe to tiptoe up to Victoire's bedroom. All her lights were still on and her bedroom door was wide open. Victoire, on the other hand, was passed out on her bed. Her silvery blonde hair was splayed over her pillow and she was cuddling with her Witch Mirror. She had fallen asleep while waiting to hear from him. Teddy crept forward. "Vic," he whispered, gently perching on the side of her bed. "Victoire," he said once more, gently shaking her arm.

Victoire's eyes slowly opened. When she saw Teddy sitting in front of her, she quickly sat up. "Teddy!" she cried, hugging him. "You're okay!"

He grinned and hugged her back. "Merlin, Vic, I missed you."

Victoire pulled away from him, her eyes wide. "Teddy, what happened? How did Ron and Harry get attacked? Nobody will tell me anything."

Teddy grimaced. "It looks like we've got a traitor in the Auror Department. That's why the ministry held all the aurors back. They were questioning us, trying to figure out who spilled the beans."

"Spilled the beans on what?"

Teddy sighed. "You see, Harry and Ron were doing raids today. Nothing big. They do it everyday. They search somebody's home or office for dark magic. It's never too dangerous. Plus, they're trained for much worse. I mean, to Harry and Ron, raids are like warm ups."

"So, what went wrong?"

"They were waiting for them," Teddy told her darkly.

Victoire frowned. "Who?"

"We don't know. They were masked like Death Eaters. There were tons of them. Too many for Harry and Ron to handle alone."

"But Death Eaters don't exist anymore," Victoire spluttered, stunned. "They're all either dead or in Azkaban."

Teddy nodded. "Our theory is that these aren't real Death Eaters. They're more like wannabe Death Eaters. Wizards and witches using the name Death Eaters to create fear, to scare the public."

"But why?"

Teddy hesitated. "Have you noticed how many muggle attacks or muggle born attacks there have been lately in the past couple of months? Actually, years if you really think about it."

Victoire froze. "Like Chris's?"

"Chris was just the beginning," Teddy murmured. "There's a second uprising happening. Muggle haters."

"But how did they manage to get Harry and Ron? Why did they get them?"

"Are you kidding? Harry and Ron are two of the biggest muggle loving wizards of the age. I mean, Ron's a Weasley for Godric's sake. There isn't a bigger blood traitor family in the world." Teddy lowered his voice. "That's not even the worst part. Vic...these wizards pretending to be Death Eaters...it looks like they're a serious threat. They have people on the inside.

"Wait…what do you mean?"

"I mean, the only people who knew anything about Harry and Ron going to that house today were aurors. Nobody else was supposed to know. All our missions are kept top secret. And still the Death Eaters were waiting for them at the house. About fifty of them."

"That means an auror had to leak the information," Victoire finished for him. "But who?"

"We don't know," Teddy murmured. "But it doesn't look good. And now we're without our two leaders, the whole ministry is a mess right now. They're all panicking. Some people are thinking this is the return of the dark years."

Victoire stared at him. She didn't know what to say. She wasn't prepared for this. They were in the Golden Age. Nothing bad was supposed to happen. Harry and Ron made sure of that. Except now bad things were happening and now Uncle Harry and Uncle Ron were in St. Mungo's.

"Teddy, this isn't good," Victoire said miserably.

"No, it's not." He laid down on the bed. "I don't know what's going to happen. I don't even know how long until Harry and Ron are going to be able to go back to work. And without them we're screwed."

Victoire laid down beside him. "They just let the aurors go? Did they catch the traitors?"

"Not enough evidence," Teddy replied. "They had to release us." He waved his wand, turning off the lights.

"The sooner we go to sleep, the sooner it's the morning and we can go see Harry and Ron," Victoire told him.

Teddy put his arm around her, pulling her closer to him. "Do you think your parents will mind if I spend the night here?"

"Probably," Victoire replied with a yawn. She kissed him tenderly. "But it doesn't matter because there's no way I'm letting you leave."



* * *



Skylar trailed down the empty halls. The only sound in the school that morning was the sound of her high heels clunking down the hallways. She stopped by the window and peered outside. The train was quickly arriving in the distance. The sun was only now rising and pretty soon the school would be bustling with students waking up and trudging through the castle with their suitcases. Skylar sighed and slipped off her heels.

"Much better," she murmured, bending down to retrieve her shoes.

Skylar kept walking, hoping Grace and Victoire hadn't noticed she hadn't returned last night.

"Where the hell where you last night?" Grace demanded as Skylar crept through the portrait hole, looking exhausted.

Skylar tossed her shoes aside. "Not now, Grace."

Grace glared at her. "Let me guess. You spent all night screwing around with Ethan."

"Not exactly," Skylar murmured as she climbed up the stairs.

Grace trailed after her. "Yeah, right. You really think I'm supposed to believe you didn't have sex last night?"

Skylar snorted. She put her hand over her heart. "Gracie, what kind of girl do you think I am?" she mocked.

Grace huffed. "Well, if you had returned to our room last night, maybe you would've found out sooner that Victoire left."

"The school?" Skylar turned around, frowning.

"Her uncles were attacked. They're at St. Mungo's." Grace opened their bedroom door. "Victoire left with Finn and Sienna to go see them."

"And you wait now to tell me!" Skylar shouted furiously. "What the hell's the matter with you? Which one of her uncles? Are they okay?"

"Harry and Ron," Grace replied, tossing her a small piece of parchment. "Vic wrote to me as soon as she got word of what happened."

Skylar peered down at the note Victoire had quickly scribbled.

Uncle Harry and Ron at St. Mungo's for a few days. They're going to be okay. Investigation pending. They won't tell me much more. I'll write to you as soon as I hear more. Love, Vic.

"Well, what about James?" Skylar demanded.

"Vic took him with her," Grace informed her. "Along with Molly and Fred."

Skylar unzipped her dress. "Well, what do we do now?"

"I talked to Finn. He said Vic and her family are super busy and distracted with everything going on. The best we can do is just give them their space while Harry and Ron recover."

"Shouldn't we be there or something?" Skylar asked, panicking, as she dug through her drawers for a clean shirt.

"We should give their family privacy," Grace told her. "I'm sure they've got a lot going on."

"So what? Now, we just go home and act like nothing's happened?"

Grace sighed. "Yes." She checked the time. "You should hurry up and finish packing. The train is leaving earlier this year. "

"Why are you so calm right now?" Skylar demanded.

"Because I freaked out last night while you were busy doing Godric knows what."

"Grace, why are you being so mean?" Skylar asked, irritated.

"Because what you're doing to Ethan really sucks."

"Excuse me?"

"Leading him on! You're sleeping with him and acting like you're interested when I know you're not!"

"How do you know I'm not interested in him?"

"Because I know you!" Grace exclaimed. "I can tell when you're just toying with a guy and when you actually like a guy. And you don't like Ethan. Not like he likes you."

"Grace—"

"End it now, Skylar. Before he gets too attached and really gets hurt."

Skylar pursed her lips. "This is really none of your business."

Grace ignored her. "If you really didn't spend the night with Ethan, that means you found some other random bloke to screw. Which still is a really shitty thing to be doing to Ethan."

"It wasn't some random bloke!" Skylar protested.

"Aha! I knew it!" Grace gazed at her triumphantly. "You're going to break that poor kid's heart."

"Why do you care so much anyway?"

"Because I know what it's like to have your heart broken! I know how much it hurts!"

"But you were the one that ended things with Luke, Grace!" Skylar shouted furiously. "YOU broke his heart. Not the other way around."

"I had to end it, Skylar."

"No, you didn't. You could've at least tried, Grace. You could've tried the long distance but you just gave up instead."

"Hey, you don't know the whole story—"

"And because you made the stupid mistake of breaking up with Lucas, you decided to take it out the rest of the world and make everybody around you as miserable as you are!" Skylar flipped her hair back in her signature style. "You have been miserable all this term and you have tried your best to make me and Vic just as miserable as you."

"That's not true."

"You're mad at everybody around you, Grace, because you're unhappy. Maybe when you get your life together, you can comment on mine."

"I have my life together!"

Skylar crossed her arms. "You either need to move on from Luke and stop taking your anger out on the rest of us or go find him and tell him you love him and want to be with him."

Grace grabbed her trunk. "Have fun nursing your hangover on the train today, Skylar."

"Have fun sitting all alone you miserable old hag!" Skylar shouted after Grace as she stomped away.



* * *



"Okay, don't get upset," Fleur said slowly. She stepped into the kitchen where her husband was reading the Daily Prophet at the table.

Bill looked up at her. "What happened?"

Fleur took a deep breath. "Teddy is upstairs."

Bill raised his eyebrows. "Wow, he got here early today."

"Yes, he did," Fleur replied, "so early in fact that he actually slept here."

Bill set down his newspaper. "What?"

"It looks like Teddy spent the night here…in Victoire's bed."

"What?"

"On the bright side, they were both fully clothed and just sleeping."

"Fleur!"

Fleur sighed. "Teddy had a rough night. He probably just wanted to see Victoire. It's sweet."

"They slept in the same bed," Bill repeated. "How often do you think that happens?"

Fleur hesitated. "Bill, he's eighteen. She's sixteen."

"I know how old they are!"

"They're not children anymore."

"Are you insinuating what I think you're insinuating?"

Fleur took a deep breath. "There's a possibility Victoire is not a virgin anymore."

Bill jumped up. "Where is he? I'm going to kill that little-"

Fleur ran up to him. "We don't even know that it's true yet. It's just a possibility."

"You need to talk to her. You need to tell her she needs to wait until she's married or at least thirty five."

"Oh, right, like she'll listen." Fleur rolled her eyes.

Bill grabbed his coat, his hands trembling.

"Where are you going?" Fleur asked, exasperated.

"I'm going to go to the hospital early so that I don't strangle that git in bed with my daughter." Bill stormed off.

Fleur sighed. "He actually took that quite well," she murmured to herself before starting breakfast.



* * *



When Victoire woke up, Teddy was no longer beside her. Frowning, she slipped out of bed and stumbled down the stairs. Teddy was sitting at the breakfast table with Fleur. They were both chatting happily, eating breakfast.

"Morning," Teddy said cheerfully upon seeing her.

"Are you hungry, Victoire? I'll go make you some tea!" Fleur said as she scrambled back to the kitchen.

Victoire sat beside Teddy and frowned. His hair was still wet from a recent shower and his clothes were changed. "You left," Victoire accused.

Teddy shrugged. "I just popped back to my place to shower and change. You didn't even notice."

Victoire reached for a scone. "You could've woken me up."

He grinned at her. "Next time."

Fleur appeared in front of them holding a cup of tea. "Next time, use the front door, Teddy," she said lightly. "Bill prefers it when you don't sneak into our daughter's room."

Victoire froze. She stared at her mother. "You know?"

"That Teddy spent the night?" Fleur rolled her eyes. "I'm not an idiot."

"You're not mad?" Teddy asked, straightening up nervously.

"No, but I would avoid Bill this morning," Fleur said wisely as she handed Victoire the tea.

"Where did Dad go anyway?" Victoire asked.

"The hospital to see his brothers," Fleur said. "Actually, Victoire, you should go get dressed. Visiting hours begin in half an hour. Your dad and I can't stay at the hospital long. We need to go pick up Dominique and Louis from school."

Teddy nodded and checked his watch. "Hey, the Hogwarts Express should be leaving soon too. Gracie and Skye will be home in a few hours."

"If they don't kill each other first," Victoire muttered, shaking her head.



* * *



Skylar stared out the window. She and Grace had been sitting in silence for the past three hours.

"Hey, Grace?" Skylar said tentatively.

Grace didn't look up from the book she'd been glued to since they left. "Hm?"

"You wanna talk yet?"

"Nope," Grace said icily, turning the page of her book.

"That's what I thought," Skylar grumbled. She flipped her hair back and sighed. "You're so stubborn."

"I'm not stubborn. I just don't want to talk to you."

"Ah, but you're talking to me right now."

"Only to tell you I don't want to talk to you."

Skylar rolled her eyes. "It's still talking."

Grace glared at her. "What do you want to talk about anyway?"

"I'm just waiting for an apology," Skylar said with a shrug.

"You want me to apologize?" Grace asked incredulously.

"It'd be nice."

"What about you!"

Skylar raised her eyebrows. "What about me?"

"Where's your apology?" Grace demanded.

"You want me to apologize for having sex?" Skylar raised her eyebrows. "Or for simply telling you the truth about Luke?"

"I am perfectly fine without Luke," Grace hissed.

"Sure you are," Skylar replied dubiously. "That's why you freaked out when you found out he was dating a model."

"She wasn't even that pretty."

"Pretty enough."

"I have better hair."

"I don't know. Her hair was gorgeous."

Grace slammed her book down. "Skylar!"

"What?"

"You are not making me feel better?"

"I'm mad at you. I don't want to make you feel better."

Grace sighed and slumped back in her seat. "You weren't wrong, I guess."

Skylar stopped. She raised her eyebrows. "Is the great Grace Rhodes admitting she was wrong?"

"One more word out of you and I will use the Bat Bogey hex Vic's aunt is so fond of."

"Right. Sorry."

Grace took a deep breath. "As I was saying...you weren't wrong...about Luke. I don't know what happened to me. After we broke up, I just got so lost. I became so cynical and negative and I sorta just lost myself."

"Not to mention you were a nightmare."

"I know."

"I mean, the number of times Vic had to keep me from strangling you."

Grace sighed. "Yeah, I know."

Skylar continued. "I'm pretty sure you were starting to give your teachers a nervous breakdown."

"I know. I've been a tad bit harsh."

"Plus, you've really let yourself go, Gracie."

"Skylar!" Grace snapped. "I get it already! I was a mess this term."

"Sorry."

Grace groaned. "I just screwed up so bad. I should've never broken up with Luke. And now he's moved on and happy with that bimbo Alicia girl and I'm just a miserable, cynical, pathetic hag."

"Aw, Grace, you're not a hag. A little cynical, maybe, but I reckon you've always been a bit like that."

"Oh my Godric. You are so not good at this."

Skylar laughed. "Gracie, you made a mistake in ending it with Luke. Fine. It's not the end of the world. Go tell him you were all wrong in ending it with him and tell him that you want to get back together."

"I can't do that!"

"Why not?"

"Because he's happy! I mean, he's moved on to that girl now. I'm not going to ruin it for him."

"Fine. Suit yourself. Continue on being miserable."

"I will."

"Fine."

"Fine."



* * *



"I'm telling you it was Jeff." Ron was propped up on his pillows. He popped a chocolate frog in his mouth. "I've always thought that guy was suspicious."

Harry snorted. "You just don't like him because he thought you had spattergoit."

"They're just freckles!" Ron exclaimed defensively.

Teddy laughed. Victoire was sitting on his lap. She'd fallen asleep and her head was resting on his shoulder. "So, I see you two are okay," Teddy observed.

Harry looked at him. "So, how much did they question you last night?"

Teddy shrugged. "It wasn't too bad. I had a good alibi considering I had no clue where you and Ron were doing your raids."

"So, who did know where we were?" Ron asked.

Harry sighed. "Half the department." He shook his head. "I can't believe any of them would betray us, though."

"What exactly happened?" Teddy wondered.

Harry sighed. "Ron and I got a tip that there was some dark magic happening at Malfoy Manor."

"Malfoy Manor?" Teddy yelped. "Isn't that where Voldemort lived?"

Ron nodded. "And where your godfather, Hermione, and I were held prisoners."

"But after Voldemort died, the Malfoys moved out. Too many bad memories, I guess. The place was vacant for several years before somebody finally bought the property. We still call it Malfoy Manor but some other family lives there now." Harry shrugged.

"We assumed the dark objects we got a tip about were just leftover objects from the Second War. Harry and I didn't think much of it. We went over there but there were about fifty masked idiots that snuck up on us. We were outnumbered."

Harry nodded grimly. "Too many to fight at once."

Victoire stirred.

"Ah, look who's finally awake!" Teddy exclaimed, readjusting Victoire on his lap.

Harry grinned. "Take the poor girl home, Teddy. She's exhausted."

Victoire yawned. "No, it's okay."

Teddy helped her up. "I could use a nap too, Vic. Let's go home."

"Thanks for visiting," Ron said as they filed out. "And thanks for the chocolates!"





Daylight


I ain't got no magic potion

All I know is that we're better of together than we ever were alone

So if you let me try

Just give me time,

Oh

Woman I will find a way to help you ease your troubled mind

-Ron Pope



* * *



Grace's first few days back home were rather quiet. She spent most of her mornings in the kitchen baking with her mother and her aunt, listening absentmindedly as they gossiped about the latest family drama and Rita Skeeter's latest juicy article. Every now and then, Grace would let out an incredulous gasp or a disapproving cluck whenever it seemed appropriate to keep her mother and aunt thinking she was interested in whatever nonsense they were discussing.

Grace was actually quite proud of herself with how well she was baking. Skylar and Victoire liked to make fun of her because she was an absolute disaster once cook books were taken away from her and she was left in the kitchen with merely her "talents" to work with. With a self-satisfied smile, Grace had sent each one of her friends a successful batch of lemon tarts and a basket full of crumpets which she had proudly made on her own. She made sure to attach a note letting her friends know that she was the master chef that had made them, not her mother.

When Grace wasn't busy learning new recipes and helping her family bake Christmas goods for the entire neighborhood, Grace enjoyed walking to the park. She usually packed a thick book along with her several layers of jackets and coats. Her afternoons were spent on the park bench, getting lost in the world of her books. Occasionally, she'd see some friends from school at the park and she would stop reading to chat with them.

Being away from her friends was a bit lonely, however. Since Finn had moved out of his parent's home, he was no longer a few doors down. Grace didn't have very many people to talk to besides her mother and brother. She wrote to Victoire and Skylar nearly everyday. Victoire kept her informed on the health of Harry and Ron, but she was busy with her family so Grace didn't want to keep bothering her.

Henry, who finally seemed to be reverting back to his old self, spent most of his day outside playing in the snow with the other boys in town. They slid down the snowy hills and had snowball fights and rolled around in the freezing white powder. Sometimes Grace would take a cup of tea with her outside and stand on the porch watching them. It was nice to see Henry become a kid again.

"So, are you going to see Dad?" Henry asked her tentatively one night as they sat in the living room sipping on their evening tea.

Grace set down her cup. "I wasn't planning on it."

"You know Dad gets us for Christmas right?"

Grace frowned. "I'll be seventeen in a month. Dad can't really tell me what to do."

"No, but the government can."

"Don't be a smart arse."

"I'm just saying, according to court, Dad gets us for every other holiday. Christmas is his."

"I am not spending my Christmas with Heidi."

Henry looked at her dubiously. "If you say so."

Aimee walked in with a tray of scones and biscuits. "What are you two talking about?" she asked pleasantly.

"Grace is trying to tell me that she won't be spending Christmas with Dad," Henry replied.

Aimee sighed. "Grace, we've discussed this already."

Grace glared at her family. "Mum, why are you so insistent on spending Christmas alone?"

"I won't be alone!" Aimee explained. "I'll be with your aunt and your grandparents and your cousins! I'll be fine."

"Well, I won't," Grace snapped. "Not if I have to spend an entire day with Heidi."

Aimee rubbed her temples. "Gracie, I really don't need any more trouble with your dad. We've been getting along really well lately."

Henry snorted. "Only because you two never talk."

"I'm staying here," Grace said stubbornly.

"Your father will be furious," Aimee told her. "He's already upset that you never write to him."

Grace crossed her arms. "Like I said: I'm not going."

"Fine! I'll talk to your dad and see if we can come to an agreement." Aimee took a deep breath. "He won't be happy."

"Yes, well, I wasn't happy when he knocked up some other woman, but I dealt with it," Grace said bitterly.

Henry stared at her. "Yeah, but not very well…"

Grace shushed him.

Aimee sighed. "Just finish your tea, you two."

"So, I was thinking maybe tomorrow I would go to St. Mungo's," Grace said after a moment. "Harry and Ron are being released soon. I thought I might pay them a visit. Vic said she'd be there tomorrow too."

Aimee gasped. "Sounds like a brilliant idea! I'll bake them a cake."

"Why are they in St. Mungo's?" Henry asked curiously.

"Haven't you been reading the newspapers?" Grace asked, stunned at her brother's ignorance.

"No. I'm nine."

Grace rolled her eyes. "Well, some people dressed as death eaters attacked them."

"Death eaters?" Henry yelped, remembering all the stories he'd heard growing up.

Aimee clucked her tongue disapprovingly. "I hope they catch them soon."

"Agreed," Grace muttered.



* * *



Victoire sat across from Luke and Eleanor. They were bickering back and forth about who broke the blue vase when they were eight. Victoire was only half-listening. She was thinking about the attack and the faux death eaters.

"Victoire, will you please tell your friend what a liar he is!" Eleanor exclaimed. Eleanor had black hair with blunt bangs that not many people could pull off. She had outlined her startling blue eyes with heavy dark make up and her lips were a deep red. Like usual, she was dressed in black jeans and a dark top to match.

Victoire blinked. "Sorry. What?"

Luke frowned. "What's wrong with you?" He laughed. "You've been distracted all day."

"She's probably thinking about that boyfriend of hers," Eleanor teased.

"I wish," Victoire replied with a sigh. "I actually keep thinking about the attack."

"Well, aren't you a cheerful one."

"I'm serious!" Victoire exclaimed. "There've been so many attacks on muggleborns lately…it's starting to scare me…"

"Because of what happened to Chris?" Luke asked quietly.

Victoire nodded. "Yeah…and what happened to my uncles. And now Skye is back home and it's no secret her dad's a muggle. She could be in danger."

"Vic, come on!" Luke tried not to laugh. "There's thousands of muggleborns in England. And Skye's at least a half-blood. You really think they'll target her out of everybody?"

"Maybe! She's got ties to me and I'm a Weasley."

Eleanor considered it. "She's not wrong, Luke. Being a Weasley right now seems pretty dangerous. I mean, they're the most famous muggle loving family in the world."

"Exactly!" Victoire exclaimed. "And us Weasleys are extremely protected. I mean, Harry and Ron make sure of it. We're practically untouchable."

"So untouchable that two of you are in the hospital right now," Luke muttered.

"That's different. They're aurors. Their jobs put them in constant risk. But the rest of us…there's all sorts of magical protections placed on us and our homes." Victoire sighed. "But Skylar has none of that. I mean, her dad is a muggle! He can't provide any magical protection for her!"

Luke took her hand. "Vic, don't you think you're just being a tad bit paranoid?"

"No! I don't! And Grace agrees with me."

"Grace?" Luke bit back a smile. "Grace is the queen of overreaction. I swear, you, Skylar, and Gracie are the most melodramatic—"

Eleanor perked up. "So, Gracie is back home?"

"Yep," Luke said.

"Have you seen her yet?" Eleanor asked.

"Nope."

"Are you planning on seeing her?"

Luke looked at her. "Probably not. You see, usually when two people break up, they stop hanging out."

Victoire looked at him. "Wow, you've really embraced this whole break up thing. A month ago you were still moaning about never being able to move on."

"That's a shame," Eleanor said sorrowfully. "I loved Gracie. You two should really get back together."

Luke let out a humorless laugh. "Try telling her that."

Victoire shrugged. "I still don't understand why the two of you broke up."

"Well, neither do I," Luke muttered.

Eleanor clucked her tongue impatiently. "So, you're really not going to see her?"

"Lenny, why would I do that to myself?"

Victoire chimed in. "Hey, but you are coming to see Harry and Ron tomorrow morning with me, right? Teddy has work and I really don't want to go alone. I hate hospitals."

Luke put his arm around her. "Of course, Vic. Whatever you need."



* * *



Grace set down the sunflowers on the bedside table.

"Flowers," Harry said pleasantly. "That's nice, Grace."

"Don't worry," she said, opening her large bag. "My mum made cakes for both of you as well."

"Yes!" Ron exclaimed, sitting up. "What kind of cake?"

"Ron!" Hermione hissed, smacking his arm.

"Sorry," Ron said quickly. "The…erm…flowers…they're lovely too."

Ginny and Harry snickered. Grace laughed. "Thanks."

Finn peered at the cakes she was pulling out. "So, are other people allowed to have some of that cake too?"

"You want cake?" Grace asked.

"I do."

"Well, you're in luck, because my mum made a third cake for everybody else."

"Mrs. Rhodes always coming through," Finn said with a grin.

Grace set down her belongings. "I'm going to go see if I can find plates for everyone." She left the room and made her way down the hallway. Grace pressed the elevator button and waited patiently until it arrived and the doors opened. Luke was standing inside, talking into his Witch Mirror. "Alright! Relax. I'm already here. I'll see you in a bit." He looked up and froze. "Grace."

Grace blinked, stunned. "Erm…hi…"

The doors started closing and Luke quickly stepped out. "Hi…I didn't know you would be here…"

Grace felt her face burn. "Vic told me she was planning on coming this morning so I figured I'd stopped by too and surprise her. I know how much she hates hospital." She cleared her throat. "It was stupid, I guess. Vic isn't even here…"

"Oh, she's here! She's coming up. We got distracted down there at the gift shop…but Vic's coming up. I just left them at the cash register."

"Gift shop?"

"Yes, because who doesn't need St. Mungo's merchandise," Luke replied with an eye roll.

Grace laughed awkwardly. "Yeah…"

They stared at each other uncomfortably, each trying to come up with something to say.

"So," Luke said slowly. "How's your break been so far?"

"Pretty uneventful," Grace told him. "I've just been baking with my mum."

"I'm sorry, did you just say you were baking?"

"Hey, don't mock!"

"Oh, I will definitely mock. Since when do you bake? Also, how have you not burned down your house yet? And who's been eating those cakes? Because it's a good thing we're in St. Mungo's in case you've poisoned somebody."

Grace glared at him. "Ha ha. You're so funny."

"No, seriously, I can run down and grab a Healer real quick."

"No Healer needed. I am a fantastic baker actually. It's just another one of my many great qualities. I'm just sorry I didn't discover my talents sooner."

Luke laughed. "If you say so."

Grace nodded. She glanced back at the elevator. "Well, I should go. Finn is waiting for plates."

"Right. Yeah, of course."

Grace pressed the button for the elevator again. "It was really good seeing you, Luke."

"Yeah, you too. Have a happy Christmas, Gracie."

"You too," she mumbled, giving him a hesitant smile.

The elevator doors slid open once more. Victoire was inside, struggling to hold several bags of merchandise. Beside her, two dark haired girls were trying to help her. Grace immediately recognized Eleanor, Luke's cousin. The other was Alicia. Grace had only ever seen pictures of Luke's new girl friend, but she recognized her instantly.

"Luke, be a gentleman and help us out here," Alicia said with a laugh.

Luke grinned as she dropped a large bag in his arms. "What the hell did you guys buy all this rubbish for?"

"It'll make the room a bit more festive and cheerful," Victoire said happily. She then spotted Grace. "Gracie! You came!"

Eleanor snapped her head around. "Grace? Oh, my Godric! It's been ages since I've seen you! Merlin, you look great!"

The two girls attacked her in hugs, dropping all the bags they'd been holding.

Alicia grinned at Luke. "So, that's the famous Grace, huh?"

"Famous?" Grace asked, struggling to get away from Victoire and Eleanor's tight hugs.

Luke elbowed Alicia. "I may have mentioned you."

"Well, that's an understatement," Alicia said with a laugh.

Luke covered her mouth. "She's joking."

"Grace, you remember Alicia," Victoire said nervously, shooting her several apologetic looks. "You saw pictures of her from Finn's surprise party."

"Right. Of course." Grace stuck out her hand politely. "It's nice to meet you."

"You too!" Alicia said perkily, shoving Luke aside. "I've heard so much about you."

"No, she hasn't," Luke said, embarrassed. "Come on, Leesh." He swung her over his shoulders. "Time to go."

"Hey! Luke, this isn't funny!" Alicia protested as Luke carried her away. "Let me bond with your friends!"

Once they were gone, Victoire turned to Grace. "Gracie, I am so sorry."

Grace groaned, covering her face. "Kill me, please."

"It wasn't that bad," Eleanor told her soothingly.

"That was so awkward." Grace sighed. "I can't believe that just happened."



* * *



"So, you saw Gracie today?" Teddy asked, handing him a firewhiskey.

Luke groaned. "Vic told you?"

"How was it?" Teddy wanted to know.

"Horrible. It was like we were strangers." Luke shook his head. "It was awkward and uncomfortable and Grace and I have never been like that."

"Well, that tends to happen when people break up," Finn said fairly. He nudged Teddy. "Remember fifth year when you and Helena broke up?"

Teddy grimaced. "I ran away every time I saw her," he told Luke.

Luke raised his eyebrows. "Really?"

Teddy nodded. "It was especially challenging since we had every class together."

Finn laughed. "He didn't show up to class for a week."

"Yeah, Slughorn gave me detention for a month." Teddy shook his head grimly.

"Well, at least I didn't run away," Luke said fairly.

"And you were able to hold a conversation with her," Finn added. "When Sienna and I first ended things, we could barely talk or even be in the same room."

"She looked good too," Luke said bitterly. "A part of me hoped she would've gained like fifty pounds and developed a serious acne issue."

"Well, I'm probably breaking every boyfriend code by telling you this, but Vic told me that Grace did not take the news that you were dating very well," Teddy said hesitantly. "She had a bit of a freak out."

Luke sat up. "What?"

"If you tell Vic I told you, I will murder you," Teddy warned him.

"But she's been dating too! She went to the Ball with that Mason bloke…"

Teddy shrugged. "I don't know what to tell you, mate."

"You think she might still have feelings for me?" Luke asked hopefully.

Finn looked at him. "Do you still have feelings for her?"

"I'll always have feelings for Gracie," Luke muttered miserably. "Even if she's moved on, I don't think I can ever fully move on. I don't know. I guess that sounds stupid."

"No, I get it," Teddy said with a sigh. "I spent my whole life pining over Victoire. Even when I was dating other girls, I always wanted to be with Vic."

"Same with Sienna," Finn grumbled. "I could never get over her."

Luke snorted. "Look at us. We're pathetic."

"So pathetic," Teddy agreed. Finn nodded grimly.



* * *



"This is getting ridiculous, Aimee!"

"I know it is, but what do you want me to do?"

"I haven't seen our daughter since the summer. A girl needs her father!"

"I know she needs her father! Don't you think I've been telling her she needs her father?"

Grace frowned. She slowly opened the front door, listening to the shouting match happening in the kitchen. Grace slowly made her way past the foyer and into the kitchen.

"What's going on?" she asked, spotting her parents. They were standing across from each other. Aimee was leaning against the kitchen counter, looking exhausted. Jim was in front of her, shouting furiously. Henry was sitting in between them at the kitchen counter. His head was buried in his arms. He looked up briefly at Grace and shook his head before slamming it back down.

"Grace, you're home," Aimee said, startled. "I thought you were at St. Mungo's."

Grace stared at her dad. He'd gained a few wrinkles under his eyes since she'd last seen him and he'd gotten a few more gray hairs. "You shouldn't be here, Dad," Grace said slowly.

"And neither should you," Jim retorted angrily. "I was supposed to have you and Henry today."

"Well, you have Henry. Maybe you should be spending time with him."

Henry looked up. "Yeah, Dad. Let's go."

"No, we're only leaving with your sister," Jim snapped.

"Well, then you're never leaving because I'm not going anywhere with you," Grace told him calmly. She opened the cabinet counters. "Mum, are we eating dinner here? Because I was thinking we'd try that new restaurant—"

"Grace!" Jim interrupted her. "I want you to get into that ruddy fireplace and come home with me."

"Dad, I am home," Grace said through gritted teeth. "Remember? Before you left us this used to be your home too."

"Grace," Aimee said calmly, "the custody agreement does state that—"

"I'm going to be seventeen in a month," Grace cut her off. "I really don't think the ministry can tell me anything."

"You're not seventeen yet," Jim reminded her, "which means you still have to follow our rules."

Aimee took a deep breath. "Grace, it's almost Christmas. You're going back to school soon and you should really be spending as much time as you can with your dad. And you've got a new baby sister to get to know—"

"She's not my sister!" Grace said viciously.

"She is as much your sister as Henry is your brother!" Jim snarled. "Don't you say that again!"

"Actually, she's my half-sister," Grace retorted.

"That's enough, Grace!" Jim shouted, his eyes flashing. "You are going to go upstairs, grab an overnight bag, and come home with me and Henry. Heidi is waiting for us. She's preparing dinner—all your favorite foods, in fact."

"Well, that's nice. She destroyed our family. The least she could do is make my favorite pie," she said sarcastically.

"Grace!" Jim yelled.

"Grace, don't speak to your dad that way," Aimee said angrily. "That's enough."

Henry looked up. "Grace, please," he said weakly. "No more fighting."

Grace swallowed back the lump in her throat. "I'm not leaving Mum," she said softly. "Not for Christmas." Grace turned and ran up the stairs.

Jim faced Aimee. "She did not get those ideas on her own," he said furiously.

"What? You think this is my fault?" Amy demanded.

"My daughter hasn't spoken to me in months, but she's still talking to you."

"I didn't leave our family, Jim. Grace is hurt and upset and she feels like you abandoned her."

"I didn't abandon her!"

"I know you didn't, but that's how she feels, Jim. Godric, how did you expect the kids to react?" Aimee pulled her hair in frustration. "She can't just bounce back from this. You need to give her her time and space. She'll come around. She came around with me, didn't she?"

"Really? Because you've been saying that for months now and she still hasn't written back to me. And that lovely exchange of words we just had was the first time she's spoken to me since September."

"Well, Jim, what do you expect from me?"

"A girl needs her father!"

"I know she needs her father! I've been telling her she needs her father! But she's hurt and she needs her time to process."

"She's had plenty of time to process," Jim retaliated.

"Dad!" Henry exclaimed, interrupting them. "Can we go?"

Jim sighed. "Not without your sister, Henry."

"She's just gonna hate you more if you make her go," Henry told him matter of factly. "And she's gonna resent Heidi even more."

"He's not wrong," Aimee said quietly. "Listen, why don't you and Henry go on ahead. I'm sure your family's waiting up for you. Your parents are dying to see Henry, so I don't want to keep him from them any longer. I'll talk to Grace and try to convince her to go."

"You think that'll work?" Jim asked hopefully.

"Not even a little," Aimee replied, "but it's the best I can do."

"Fine. Just tell her that she can at least come for her grandparents. They're excited to see her."

"I will try my best," Aimee assured him.

"Because, you know, since the divorce, Gracie has hardly seen my side of the family."

"Jim," Aimee said sharply. "I said I'll talk to her."

"Let's go, Dad," Henry muttered.

"Okay, let's go," Jim replied, glancing upstairs once more. "Tell Grace merry Christmas for me."

"I will," Aimee promised.



* * *



Luke stood on the sidewalk, looking up at the large brick house in front of him. He swayed back on his heels, summoning up the courage to walk forward. The lights in the kitchen went out finally and Luke wondered if this was a bad idea.

"Come on, Bishop," he muttered to himself before surging forward. He took a deep breath and knocked on the door.

"Lucas!" Aimee said in surprise as she opened the front door. Her dark, graying hair was pulled back into a loose ponytail and Luke was momentarily struck by how much Grace resembled her mother. Aimee pulled at her robe nervously. "It's nearly midnight. Is everything alright?"

Luke cleared his throat. "Yeah…I'm sorry…I wanted to talk to Gracie but I hadn't realized how late it was. I-I'll just come back tomorrow."

"No! No, stay!" Aimee stepped aside. "Grace is in her room. She's…erm…she's had a rough night."

"Is everything alright?" Luke asked, his eyebrows furrowing.

Aimee smiled sadly. "Grace got into it with her father today. Normally, I wouldn't let you in this late, but I figure she might need a friend. You aren't here to fight with her, are you?"

"No! I'm not. I swear."

Aimee nodded before motioning toward the stairs. "Go on, then."

Luke thanked her and headed up the stairs. Grace's bedroom was the last one at the end of the hallway. The door was slightly open and there was loud music coming from in there. Luke peered inside. Grace was wearing an extra large t-shirt and baggy sweatpants. Her hair was still damp from a recent shower. Luke noticed her eyes were red and bloodshot like she'd just been crying. Grace was bent over her backpack, digging through her books and humming along to the music.

"Is this Sienna?" Luke asked suddenly, recognizing the melody.

Grace looked up, startled. When she saw Luke standing in her doorway, she shrieked. "Luke! What the hell's the matter with you?" she demanded, clutching her chest. "You scared me nearly to death!"

Luke grimaced. "Sorry. Your mum let me in."

Grace turned her music down. "Okay," she said slowly. She was still breathing heavily.

"Jamming out to S? She'll be thrilled when I tell her."

Grace tucked a strand of her hair behind her ear. "Erm…yeah…"

"So, I was just at a pub with Finn and Teddy. And we were just kinda talking. You know, Harry and Ron are getting released tomorrow. We were celebrating a bit and—"

"Luke," Grace said, cutting him off. "What are you doing here?"

"I just…I wanted to see you…"

"Oh." Grace took a deep breath. "Well, you see, we're broken up, Luke. You can't just come over whenever you feel like it anymore."

"No, I know." Luke took a deep breath. "I just…I really wanted to see you."

Grace frowned. "Yeah, well, I don't think that's very fair…to Alicia."

"Alicia?" Luke frowned.

"Yeah," Grace said, "I just don't think Alicia would be comfortable with you coming over here so late at night."

Luke stared at her. "Okay," he said slowly. "You do know Alicia and I aren't dating, right?"

Grace blinked. "Yes, you are."

Luke laughed. "About a week ago, Alicia gave me an ultimatum. She told me I had to forget about you or else it was over between the two of us. I couldn't do that. Alicia is great and I care about her so much but only as a friend. I reckon she feels the same way now. We work really well as friends."

"I see." Grace swallowed. "I thought you two were together."

Luke sighed. "No. We went on a few dates but that was it really. Gracie, I know you've moved on and you're dating that Mason bloke now and I'm glad you're happy. I really am. But I miss you and I don't think I can ever stop loving you. So, maybe we could try being friends, you know?"

Grace's eyes watered. She took a deep, shaky breath. "There's nothing going on between me and Mason."

Luke's eyes lit up. "Oh."

"Yeah. He's just…he's not you…"

They were silent for several seconds as Luke took in this new information. Finally, he nodded and took a seat at the edge of Grace's bed. "So, I heard you got into it with your dad today."

Grace blinked back tears. She sat down beside Luke. "He acts like he didn't do anything wrong…like he didn't leave us for another family."

"He didn't leave you, Gracie. He left your mum."

"That's not much better."

"So, how long are you planning on freezing him out?"

Grace shrugged. "For as long as I feel like it."

"Well, as long as you're being rational," he said sarcastically.

They were silent for a moment. "Hey, Luke," Grace said quietly. "I'm sorry."

"For what?"

"Breaking your heart," she replied, her voice breaking. "I know I hurt you and I'm sorry."

Luke smiled. "Don't apologize, Gracie. You weren't happy anymore."

"But it's worse now. Being broken up with you is so much worse." Grace took his hand. "I tried so hard this term to move on and I couldn't. And I know it's not fair to you, Luke, and I probably shouldn't even be telling you this, but I still love you. I don't want to be broken up anymore. It's just…it feels better when you're here…"

Luke leaned forward and gave her a gentle kiss.

"I'm so sorry, Luke," Grace whimpered when he pulled away.

He laughed and kissed her forehead. "You don't need to apologize, Gracie."

The lights in the hallway turned off and Luke sighed. "I should get going. I think that was your mother's subtle way of telling me to leave."

Grace shook her head. "No."

"No?"

"Stay the night. Please."

Luke sighed. "Your parents are going to kill me."

Grace pulled him down beside her. "I won't let them."

Luke wrapped his arm around her. "I missed this."

Grace snuggled into him. "Me too."





Falling In


I'm standing in your driveway

It's midnight and I'm sideways

To find out if you feel the same

Won't be easy, have my doubts too

But it's over, without you I'm just lost, incomplete

Yeah you feel like home, home to me

Every time I see your face

My heart takes off on a high speed chase

Now don't be scared, it's only love

That we're falling in

-Lifehouse



* * *



Skylar sat across from her father, glaring angrily at him. "I'm sixteen!" she finally exclaimed angrily. Skylar had been home nearly a week, yet her father still refused to take her to get her driver's license. It was a right of passage every muggle girl got and Skylar was half muggle! She did not intend on missing out, especially since all her cousins had already gotten theirs.

"You've hardly practiced," he replied, shaking his head.

"Dad, I've been at school. We take apparating classes not driver's ed."

Jonathan shook his head. "You're not ready, Skye."

"I am too. I'm an excellent driver."

"I don't even understand why you want to drive. You're a witch! You've got better ways of traveling. There's the floo network and that ruddy Knight Bus I hate so much. Plus, I remember your mom used to apparate all the time!"

"Melissa got her license," Skylar pointed out.

"And when was the last time she drove anywhere?"

Skylar rolled her eyes.

"Speaking of your sister," Jonathan added, "she's coming over for Christmas."

"No, she's not."

"Yes, she is," Jonathan told her severely, "and she's bringing her new boyfriend. It's getting quite serious apparently."

"Have you met him yet?" Skylar asked.

"A few times in passing," he replied.

"Well, if he's anything like her last boyfriend, I should probably keep a taser gun with me at all times."

Jonathan's eyes softened. "Skylar, honey, Melissa and I would never let that happen to you again."

"You really think Melissa will have my back if something were to happen?" Skylar scoffed.

"There's going to be plenty of people at Christmas this year. It won't be just us."

"Really?" Skylar said in surprise.

"Your Aunt Cecily is coming with your cousins and even your grandparents said they could make it. It should be a full house."

"What about your girlfriend?" Skylar asked. "I mean, you two are probably getting pretty serious by now."

Jonathan cleared his throat uncomfortably. "Actually, I'm a single man."

Skylar gasped. "You guys broke up!"

"A few months ago. It got difficult with work and our schedules."

"Aw, Dad, I'm sorry."

"Oh, it's quite alright. It happened a while ago. I'm okay now. We've actually stayed on good terms. I reckon we're even friends!"

Skylar furrowed her eyebrows worriedly. "Dad, are you sure you're okay?"

"I'm fine, swear!"

The doorbell rang. Skylar raised her eyebrows. "Who's that?"

"Victoire," Jonathan answered.

"Victoire?" Skylar said in surprise as she got up and followed her father to the door.

Jonathan opened the front door. "Victoire, hello!"

"Do you realize how easy it was for Teddy and Finn to break in here?" Victoire demanded angrily.

"Hello to you too," Skylar said.

Jonathan frowned. "Break in?"

"Hey, guys?" Teddy said from behind them. He popped a scone into his mouth. "Great scones. Where'd you guys buy these?"

Finn was standing beside him. "Five easy points of access," he told Victoire. "If they were under attack, they'd be goners."

"I knew it," Victoire muttered, shaking her head.

"Finn! Teddy!" Skylar shrieked. "How did you guys get in here."

Jonathan shook his head. "I need to go to work." He looked at Skylar. "I'm assuming you'll tell your friends not to break into our house again?"

"Mr. Grey, how comfortable are you with protective curses?" Victoire asked him seriously.

"Don't worry I'm really good at those now," Teddy assured him. "You and Skylar will be safe from any curses. Oh, and Melissa too. I can make it so that the curse only targets people who are a threat to your safety and—"

"Teddy!" Skylar interrupted. "What is going on with the three of you?"

Finn snorted. "Vic's paranoid."

"I'm just trying to keep you safe, Skylar," Victoire said, stepping inside the house. She turned to Jonathan. "I'm sure Skylar's told you how dangerous the wizarding world is right now. Muggles and muggle borns are being targeted like crazy."

"And Skylar is half muggle," Teddy finished for her.

"She could be in danger," Finn said. "We just want to add a few extra protections to your house in case something were to ever happen."

Jonathan looked at Teddy. "You…erm…you wanted to be that dark wizard catcher person a few years ago."

"Auror, yeah," Teddy said with a small nod. "And I became one."

Jonathan sighed. "So…you know how to do this stuff, right? The protection spells and whatnot."

"Yes, sir."

"Then, do it," Jonathan said. "I have to go to work now. Please, just don't destroy my house." He waved at them before turning around and heading toward his car.

Skylar looked at her friends and shook her head. "Have you all gone mental?"

"Just trying to keep you safe, kiddo," Finn said, ruffling her hair.

"Alright, let's get started," Teddy said, taking charge. He pointed to the front yard. "You reckon the muggles will notice us waving wands and shouting spells?"

"Probably," Finn said thoughtfully. "Let's go."

Victoire shut the door behind the two of them. "So, how's it going?"

"Don't you have anybody else to annoy this morning?" Skylar asked her.

"Not today, no," Victoire told her with a grin.

Skylar rolled her eyes. "Come on. You want breakfast?"

"Sure!" Victoire said cheerfully, following her into the kitchen.



* * *



"So, have you seen Gracie?" Skylar asked as she poured Victoire coffee.

"Erm…yeah…" Victoire sighed. "We ran into her at St. Mungo's. She came to visit my uncles."

"Oh. That was nice of her."

Victoire was quiet for a moment. "Luke was there too. With Alicia."

"Oh, no. How'd Gracie take it?"

"Not great. I think she was really upset about it."

Skylar grimaced. "We sort of got into a fight about that on the train."

"I heard about that," Victoire said with a sigh. "What happened?"

"I just got tired of her attitude. She was yelling at me about not returning to our dormitory the night of the Ball and I told her she was a miserable old hag who still wasn't over Luke."

"Well, I think you might be right. About the Luke bit, I mean. Not about the hag part. She was definitely upset by Alicia being there."

"You think she'll be smart enough to get back together with Luke?" Skylar asked her.

"Who knows. Grace is so stubborn."

"Alright, Vic, I have to go," Teddy announced, storming back into the house.

"What? Why?" Victoire jumped up. "Did you finish the protection spells?"

"No, but Finn's handling it," he told her. "I just got an alert from the Ministry. All aurors are to report back immediately."

"What? Why?" Skylar's eyes widened. "You reckon there's been another attack?"

"Or they discovered something about who leaked the information on Harry and Ron," Victoire suggested.

"I have no idea," Teddy replied, kissing Victoire quickly. "I have to go, though. I'll see you two later."

"Bye," Victoire said glumly as Teddy raced out of the house.

Skylar looked at her. "It must be nice to be back home. You get to see Teddy."

"Yeah, I guess. He's just so busy with work, especially with Harry and Ron hospitalized. He's always at the ministry now."

"Yeah, I've been reading the Prophet. It sounds pretty serious. They've been saying the entire auror department is under investigation."

Victoire nodded darkly. "Classified information. Teddy won't budge."



* * *



After Victoire's little visit, Skylar began to grow more and more paranoid. Her father worked late most nights and Melissa no longer lived in the large and sometimes scary house. Skylar was alone most of her break and she didn't like it. She spent most of her time reading about the muggle attacks in the Daily Prophet or getting letters from a paranoid Victoire discussing in detail about the latest attack on a muggleborn. It was starting to freak Skylar out and she hated being home alone.

Luckily, her neighborhood contained all muggles and there were no suspicious witches or wizards ever lurking outside her house. The scariest thing that ever happened to her was the one time she thought she saw Mrs. Hughes in her underwear outside.

"I don't understand why you're so afraid?" Jonathan said concernedly before he left for work that morning. "How bad is this crisis in the wizarding world? Should I be at all concerned?"

"No, Dad. I'm just being paranoid," Skylar had assured him. "I just don't like how late you've been coming home."

"Well, it's my last day before my Christmas leave begins," he told her as he grabbed his briefcase on the way out. "After that, I'm all yours!"

Skylar's dad had called her later that night, telling her he'd have to stay late at the office. So, she was home alone again when it got dark. And then it had started raining. And then the thunder came. And then the lightning.

"Well, if this isn't a bad omen, I don't know what is," Skylar muttered to herself as she looked out the window.

She took a seat at the dining room table and sighed. "Sienna," she said clearly as she picked up her Witch Mirror. A second later, the cloudy mirror cleared and Sienna appeared on the other side.

"Hey, Skye!" Sienna said cheerfully.

Skylar frowned. Sienna was clearly in bed in her pajamas. Somebody—probably Finn—had his arm loosely wrapped around her.

"Sorry, I didn't mean to bother you," Skylar muttered, turning bright red.

"You're not bothering me," Skylar said brightly. "I was just yelling at Finn for changing the dogs' names again."

"He just doesn't look like a Shadow to me anymore," Finn complained from off the mirror.

Sienna shook her head and looked at the mirror. "Their names are Shadow and Bear. That's what they respond to now. It's too late to change it."

"Listen, I need your help right now," Skylar said quickly.

"Sure. What's going on?"

Skylar took a deep breath. "How good are Finn and Teddy at protective charms?"

Finn sighed dramatically and took the mirror from Sienna. "Skye, come on! Have a little faith in me."

"I'm home alone. It's late. And there's death eaters on the loose who want to kill me. Just humor me."

Finn rolled his eyes. "Nobody with dark magic can even approach your house. We have it specifically set up that way."

"And it can't be broken?"

"Well, I mean, every charm can be broken—"

"Finn!"

"Skylar, relax. Don't worry so much. Any dark witch or wizard won't even be able to approach a thousand feet of your home. It's physically impossible for them."

"So, no dark magic?"

"Any magic will be detected actually," Finn said.

"If any witch or wizard besides you and your sister approach the house, an alarm will go off. The password is Teddy is much cooler and manlier than Finn ever was or will be."

"Why is that the password?"

"Because Teddy won the bet."

Skylar rolled her eyes. "So, nobody with dark magic or evil intentions can come to my house?"

"Exactly," Finn assured her. "And if anybody else with magic approaches your house, you will be warned."

"How exactly does this alarm work?"

"Trust me, you'll know it when you hear it."

Sienna snatched the Mirror back. "Skylar, are you sure you don't want us to go over there? If you're that scared—"

"It's fine," Skylar reassured her. "My dad will be home soon anyway. I'm just going to go to my room and wait up for him."

"Sounds like a plan," Finn said, squeezing his head in front of the Mirror. "I'll see you later, Skye."

"Good night, you guys," Skylar said quietly before putting the Mirror down. "It's going to be okay, Skylar. You're okay." She muttered to herself as it stormed loudly outside. "Dad will be home in an hour or so."

She stood up and slowly began making her way toward the stairs. Suddenly, a loud blaring noise began to go off in her house. All the lights flickered dangerously and suddenly everything went dark.

"What the hell?" Skylar gasped, her heart pounding.

"INTRUDER. INTRUDER. INTRUDER. INTRUDER." Teddy's voice boomed loudly all around the house.

"And there's the alarm," Skylar screamed, dashing for the kitchen where she had left her wand.

There was a knock on the door and everything went silent again. Skylar stood in the foyer breathing heavily, her wand clasped tightly in her hand.

"W-who is it?" she asked loudly, squeezing her eyes shut.

"INTRUDER. INTRUDER. INTRUDER." The alarm started going off once more and Teddy's voice echoed all around her house.

Skylar took a deep breath and opened the door slowly. She held out her wand in front of her, her hands shaking dangerously. Alexander stood in front of her, his eyes wide as Skylar's wand dug into his neck. Behind him, it was pouring and thundering violently.

"A-Alex?" Skylar said, slowly lowering her wand.

Alexander stared at her. "What is this?" he asked loudly, yelling over the alarm.

"Oh, right! Sorry." Skylar cleared her throat. "Erm…Teddy is much cooler…and erm…manlier than Finn ever was or will be…I think…" she finished off uncertainly, looking up at her ceiling hopefully. Instantly, Teddy's voice faded and the lights flickered back on.

Alexander raised his eyebrows. "Nice alarm."

"You can never be too safe." Skylar tugged at her pajamas nervously. "So…erm…you're here?"

"Yeah, I am."

"Late at night? When I'm all alone? And there's muggleborns getting attacked left and right?" Skylar said slowly. "Are you trying to give me a heart attack?"

Alexander looked embarrassed. "Sorry, I didn't think about that…I just…I got this weird need to see you and so I just came…"

Skylar stared at him. "Erm…well, come in, I guess. It's freezing outside. Do you want me to take your coat?"

Alexander stepped inside. "No. No. That's alright. I just wanted to talk."

"To talk?" Skylar repeated slowly as she closed the door behind her.

"Yeah, about what happened the night of the Ball," he said slowly.

"Oh, that."

Alexander cleared his throat. "You just disappeared that. We never really had a chance to discuss what happened."

"Well, I had a train to catch and some bags to pack."

"Right. I know."

Skylar frowned at him. "I've never seen you so uncomfortable before."

"It's an uncomfortable situation!"

She laughed. "Why?"

"Because I'm your teacher! It's inappropriate. I took advantage of you!"

"You didn't take advantage of me," Skylar told him seriously. "I wanted to do it too."

"It's different, though. I should have had some self control, especially as your professor. I should've stopped it."

"Please, you've never had any self control around me," Skylar said with a smile. "I think the summer we spent together proves that."

"Why are you so happy about this?"

"Because I know you care about me. Just admit it."

Alexander looked at her as if she'd gone mad. "Of course I care about you. That was never the problem. The problem is that you're my student now and there are rules. We have to make sure what happened that night never happens again."

Skylar gave him a dubious look. "You came all this way to tell me that? You couldn't have written me a letter?"

"What?"

"I'm just saying you made quite the effort to come all the way over here late at night just to end things. It's almost like you wanted to see me."

"Skylar," he said warningly as she approached him.

"Tell me you want me to stop…tell me you don't want this…" She whispered before pressing her lips against his. Alexander instinctively gripped her firmly, pressing her body tightly against his. Skylar let out a small gasp as his lips left her mouth and trailed down her neck. She put her arms around his neck and hoisted herself up so that her legs wrapped around his waist. Alexander pushed her against the wall, kissing her intensely, his hands traveling underneath her. It was like the night of the Ball again. He couldn't resist how soft her lips were or how warm her skin felt against his. Alexander remembered the summer they spent together, the nights they spent dancing, the dinners they shared, their nights spent in fancy hotels with excellent room service, how much he laughed around her, how she made him forget about everything else.



* * *



Skylar yawned, making her way down the stairs carefully.

"Good morning, sunshine!" Jonathan said brightly, attempting to smooth out her disheveled hair. "When I got back last night, all the lights were already off so I assumed you were already asleep."

"I was."

"Sorry. I meant to get back sooner." He followed her into the kitchen. "But I'm on Christmas leave now! I can dedicate all my time to my two favorite girls in the world."

Melissa was waiting for them in the kitchen. She was sitting at the kitchen counter with a muffin in her hand. She narrowed her eyes at Skylar. "You look like a mess this morning," she noted.

Skylar ignored her sister and poured herself some coffee. "So, what's the plan today, Dad?"

"Well, actually," Melissa piped up, "that's why I'm here. Grandma and Grandpa want to see my new apartment so decided I might as well have a little party at my place today. Everybody's invited."

Skylar ignored her sister. "We're out of milk," she told her dad before taking a sip of her coffee.

Melissa looked at her. "You don't drink coffee very often. Long night? Didn't sleep well?"

Skylar didn't reply. "I was thinking we could head over to the park, Dad."

"Your sister is having a party for the family, Skylar," Jonathan told her sharply. "I think she would love it if you came with me."

"Well, I would love it if her fiances kept their hands to themselves," she retorted.

Melissa sighed. "Fine. Don't come. Stay home all alone while the entire family has a nice day together."

"I think I will," Skylar said thoughtfully. "Maybe I'll go for a run."

Melissa glared at her. "You would really rather be by yourself and run than spend half an hour at my apartment?"

"Skylar does love to exercise," Jonathan said helpfully. "She runs nearly every day. And she eats so healthy!"

"I know Skylar is healthy, Dad. I did help raise her for nearly eight years," Melissa said through gritted teeth.

Skylar looked at her dad and smiled. "Have fun at the party today, Dad. Maybe we could do dinner and a movie later tonight?"

Jonathan sighed. "Of course, sweetheart."

"Dad!" Melissa looked at him furiously. "She has to come!"

"I'll go get my coat," Jonathan told her. "We can go set up for your party. It'll be fun!"

Melissa was left fuming as her dad left her alone in the kitchen with Skylar. Melissa turned to glare at her younger sister. "So, did you sneak him out the window this morning?"

Skylar looked at her blankly. "What are you talking about?"

"Oh, come on. I can tell you had a boy over here last night."

Skylar gave her a stoic look before taking a sip of her coffee. "What makes you think that?"

"Skylar, I'm not an idiot."

"Well, I disagree with that statement."

"Oh, my Godric! You're impossible!"

"Are you two fighting?" Jonathan asked from the hallway closet. He sounded tired.

"No, Dad," Melissa replied, shooting daggers at Skylar. "What were you thinking brining a stranger into the house?" she whispered angrily.

"You brought Rick into the house," Skylar pointed out. "I can't do much worse than that."

Melissa took a deep breath. "Just tell me you're being safe."'

Skylar stared at her. "Seriously? You want to have the talk with me? Now?"

"So, have you decided to join us at the party?" Jonathan asked hopefully as he wandered back into the kitchen.

Skylar shook her head. "Nope! I think maybe I'll go for a run and then maybe pay Gracie a visit."

"Sounds fun," Jonathan said as he put on his coat. "Mel, you ready to go?"

"Yep," Melissa said, glaring in Skylar's direction.

"Say hi to the grandparents for me!" Skylar called after them cheerfully. Once they were gone, she quickly dashed back up the stairs and into her room. Alexander had woken up since she'd left and he was getting dressed.

"Hey," he said, spotting her in the doorway with a coffee mug.

"Hi." She smiled hesitantly. "You don't think anybody saw you, right?"

Alexander stood up and looked around. "I don't think so."

Skylar walked toward him slowly. "So, you still think last night was a mistake?"

"Absolutely," Alexander said, taking the coffee mug from her hands and setting it aside. "But I have a feeling it's one I'm going to keep making."

"Yeah?" Skylar said, a small smile creeping up on her lips.

Alexander took her hands. "What are your plans for today?"

"None yet," Skylar said.

"Well, there's this really cool trail I'd love to show you. I mean, I know it's a little cold but you do love to hike…" He shrugged. "And then there's this brilliant little coffee shop in London I'd think you'd love. I mean, it's a total muggle spot but your dad's a muggle so I figured you wouldn't be weirded out by it. Plus, they've got the coolest decorations. I mean, you'll love this place."

Skylar smiled at him. "We're really doing this?"

"Yeah, we are."





Tenerife Sea


Should this be the last thing I see

I want you to know it's enough for me

'Cause all that you are is all that I'll ever need

I'm so in love, so in love

So in love, love, love, love,

So in love

-Ed Sheeran



* * *



"What's that?" Aimee asked, glancing over at her daughter.

Grace sighed and put the parchment paper down. "Just a letter from Henry wishing me a merry Christmas."

Aimee was standing in front of a mirror. She was carefully readjusting the pearl necklace her ex-husband had given her ten years earlier. "You know, you could be spending Christmas with your siblings right now," Aimee said after a moment.

"Spending Christmas with my siblings means also having to spend Christmas with Dad and Heidi," Grace said.

Aimee turned around and put her hands on her hips. "You know, Gracie, one day, you're going to forgive your dad and you'll regret missing out on all these times with him."

Grace stared at her mother. Aimee had greatly improved since Jim moved out. She was almost back to her normal self again. Growing up, Grace had always thought her mother was perfect. From an early age, her neighbors and friends would always rave about what a perfect housewife and mother Aimee was. And she really was. Her cookies were the best on the block. Her garden had the prettiest flowers. Her house was the vision of perfection with it's squeaky clean floors and expensive looking furniture. She was the mom that brought snacks to every little league Quidditch game and she hosted a brunch every Sunday for all the moms in town. Her hair was always pinned up elegantly, never a fly away in sight. Her clothes and jewelry were elegant and beautiful. She hosted dinner parties for her husband's clients and coworkers. She always had Grace and Henry well behaved and looking presentable. Aimee truly was the perfect housewife.

But Grace knew her mother had been miserable. For years, Jim had suffocated her and Grace wasn't sure she could ever forgive her father for that. He'd turned the beautiful and poised Aimee Rhodes into a miserable pathetic drunk. His affair had destroyed her and she was only just now returning to her old self again, but Grace wasn't so sure that was a good thing. Aimee had relied so many years on her father, on being the model housewife. She'd never had her own career or life outside of being a wife and mother. And when it was taken away from her, Aimee just broke. She didn't know how to be anything else or do anything else and that broke Grace's heart. Grace hoped her life would never come to that. She hoped she could be more than just a wife to somebody. She hoped she could have a greater purpose in life.

"There's nothing wrong with being a housewife, Gracie," her mother would tell her sternly.

"Of course not, Mum," Grace would often say though she hardly ever meant it. She just couldn't understand how somebody could be fulfilled cleaning the house and changing diapers, but that was all her mother had ever known.

"I really should have hired caterers," Aimee was muttering to herself as she smoothed out her hair nervously.

"Mum, it's Christmas, not the bloody Yule Ball." Grace rolled her eyes. "It's only family coming over."

Aimee eyed her daughter carefully. "Where's the pearl necklace your dad gave you?"

Grace shrugged. "Somewhere in the trash."

"What!"

"Relax. I'm kidding. I know how much that's worth. It's up in my room."

"Any chance I could convince you to wear it? It would look so cute if we had matching necklaces!"

"No," Grace said decisively.

Aimee rolled her eyes. "Fine. Now, come help me set up the dinner table before people start arriving."

"Oh, that reminds me, Mum! Is it okay that I invited three extra people?"

"What?" Aimee shrieked, her eyes widening. "Merlin, I need to squeeze in three extra plates! It's okay. It's fine. We can just squeeze them in at the end of the table—"

"They're here!" Grace said suddenly, hearing the door.

"Who's here?" Aimee demanded, still looking panicked. "Who in Godric's name did you invite?"

Grace hesitated. "Luke," she said slowly.

"Luke?"

"And his parents." She glanced at the front door. "I should really go get that. I told them to get here a bit earlier than everybody else."

"Wait! Are you and Lucas…are you two back together?"

Grace took a deep breath. "Sort of." She started backing away. "I should really answer the door."

"Merry Christmas!" Luke said cheerfully once Grace opened the door.

"Merry Christmas!" Grace replied happily as he pulled her into a hug.

Elizabeth Bishop grinned. "Thank you so much for inviting us, Grace."

"No problem! Me and my mum are happy to have you guys." Grace gave each of Luke's parents a hug.

"So, where is your lovely mother?" Tony Bishop asked as he held up a parcel. "We got her a Christmas gift to thank her for inviting us tonight!"

"She's in the kitchen," Grace told them, pointing behind her. "It's right through there."

Tony and Elizabeth walked past her. "Oh, the decorations look lovely, Gracie!" Elizabeth exclaimed on her way out.

Grace turned to look at Luke. "So..."

"So..."

Grace gave him a small smile. "You really came."

Luke shrugged. "You invited me." He sniffed the air. "Merlin, I love your mum's cooking." He started forward but Grace held him back. She grabbed the collar of his shirt and pulled him into a long kiss. When she pulled away, Luke gave her a dazed look. "Erm…what was that for?"

Grace blushed. "I just…I missed being able to do that."

Luke laughed lightly before swiftly wrapping his arms around her waist and kissing her again.



* * *



Skylar strolled down the grocery store, trailing after Melissa.

"I still can't believe Dad forgot to buy milk," Melissa grumbled. "I mean, milk's in everything! How does he expect to make anything without it?"

"I can't believe Grandma made us come to the grocery store together," Skylar muttered.

Melissa sighed. "Yeah, well, she wants us to make up."

"Fat chance of that happening."

Melissa shot her a half-irritated look. "Can you just be nice for one day? It's Christmas!"

Skylar was about to retort when she spotted a skinny girl with short blonde hair bending over the produce. "Eva?" she spluttered.

Melissa turned around in surprise. "Eva? What are you doing here? This is a muggle grocery store…"

Eva straightened up, looking surprised. "Oh, hello! I'm doing some last minute shopping. Mum forgot to buy some necessary ingredients for Christmas dinner. This was the closest store that was open so…"

Skylar looked between Eva and her sister. "Wait…you two know each other?"

"Eva works for me," Melissa replied.

"Right. I knew that." Skylar crossed her arms. "Well, this is a fun little reunion."

Melissa looked at Skylar. "Eva, here, is one of my best interns! Tell her, Eva."

"I don't know about best," Eva said, embarrassed.

"Don't be silly!" Melissa told her. "You're way better than that ruddy Philip."

"We need milk," Skylar said through gritted teeth.

"Right," Melissa said. "Eva, I'll see you at work, yeah?"

"Absolutely!" Eva told her. "Merry Christmas!"

"Merry Christmas!" Melissa said cheerfully before walking away.

Skylar sighed, watching her sister trail down the aisles in the search for milk.

"It's funny how often I run into you and your friends," Eva muttered.

Skylar glanced at her. "Oh, yeah. I figure you run into Teddy a lot at the ministry."

"And Sienna and Findley and Lucas," Eva said with a sigh. "It's a lovely little Hogwarts reunion every week."

Skylar turned to face her and bit back an amused laugh. "Yeah, I can't imagine running into my ex and his new girlfriend every week must be very fun."

Eva shrugged. "I reckon it's better than being best friends with my ex and his new girlfriend."

Skylar made a face. "Oh, yeah. I forgot I dated Teddy. Don't remind me."

Eva laughed. "Yeah, well, Teddy's better than Finn."

Skylar suddenly looked at Eva seriously. "Hey, so, my sister sucks and all but she's really good at what she does and she's a tough boss. If she's raving about you that must mean you really are that good."

Eva smiled. "Thanks. That might be the nicest thing you've ever said to me."

"Yeah, well, don't get used to it."

Eva hesitated. "Not to defend your sister or what she did, but Melissa does really care about you. I mean, there's pictures of you all over her office and she raves about you to all her coworkers. The…erm…the modeling pictures from last summer that you took…she's showed them to everybody in the office. She's really proud of you, Skylar."

"Still doesn't change what happened," Skylar said quietly.

Eva nodded. "Yeah, I know."

"Anyway, I should really get going before I lose track of Melissa."

"Yeah, me too. My mum's waiting up for me."

"Is it just you and your parents for Christmas?" Skylar asked.

"Me, my mum, and some of our friends," Eva replied.

"Where's your dad at?"

Eva shrugged. "I don't know. He left us when I was two."

There was an awkward pause. "Oh. Sorry I asked."

"It's fine. I'm over it. I did fine without him, didn't I?"

Skylar smiled. "Yeah. His loss." She glanced back. "Anyway, I should go. Merry Christmas! It was nice running into you."

"And she says that with a straight face," Eva said, impressed.

Skylar laughed. "Bye, Eva."

"Bye, Skye."



* * *



Finn took a deep breath. "Okay. We go in. We eat. We bail."

Sienna stood beside him. "Finn, it'll be fine."

"S, we are spending Christmas with my parents. We'll be lucky if we both make it out alive by the end of the night."

"Don't be so dramatic," she said, her eyes rolling.

"They're going to ruin this Christmas for us, you know," he said bitterly.

Sienna sighed. "No, they won't."

"How do you know?"

"Because we'll be together," Sienna said, taking his hand. "We can deal with their thinly veiled passive aggressive insults together."

Finn kissed her. "If they say anything to insult you, we bail."

"They won't insult me."

"You think that now."

Sienna laughed. "It won't be so bad."

"Eat fast," Finn advised her. "The sooner we finish here, the sooner we can get to the Weasley's."

"You realize we're going to have to go in eventually, right? Your parents will realize we're just standing outside in front of your house."

"Yeah, I know." He turned to look at her and gave her a small smile. "Hey, thank you for coming tonight. You didn't have to. You could've easily opted out of this horrible dinner."

"No way. I'm not leaving my man on Christmas. We're a package deal now."

Finn grinned, gently tucking her golden blonde hair behind her ear. "That's what I like to hear."



* * *



Victoire snuggled into Teddy's chest. She closed her eyes as he absentmindedly played with her hair.

"Teddy," James complained, "are you and Vic just gonna sit there all night?"

"You said you'd play Quidditch with us!" Fred reminded him.

"There's a thousand other people in this family that can play with you," Victoire muttered with her eyes still closed. "Go find them."

"But it's Christmas!" Albus said. "And Teddy said he'd play with us!"

Teddy grinned. "Maybe later, guys. I'm spending some time with Vic right now."

James sighed. "Fine. I always knew this would happen. You forget all about us when a pretty thing comes along."

Victoire giggled. "Excuse me?"

Teddy laughed. "Jay, I'm not forgetting you. I promise we'll play our Quidditch game later."

Fred shook his head. "You've been saying that all of break!"

"Yeah, but all you've done over break is work! And when you're not at work, all you wanna do is hang out with Victoire!" James snapped.

"Well, I'm his girlfriend," Victoire said, sitting up. "I get dibs."

Teddy pulled Victoire back into his arms. "Hey, don't go away."

Victoire kissed him. "I won't."

Albus made a face. "Ugh."

"You two make me sick," James said before stomping away.

Fred shook his head. "We'll just go find somebody reliable to play with us," he said in his most passive-agressive voice.

"Hey, how about Finn?" Albus suggested as he followed after them. "He should be arriving with Sienna soon."

Teddy cupped Victoire's face in his hands. "I missed you so much."

Victoire's eyes locked with his. "You know, they're right. We are sickening."

"I only get two weeks with my girl. I don't care how sickening I am." Teddy gently kissed her. "I love you."

"I love you too," she mumbled before wrapping her arms around the back of his neck and kissing him again.

"Hey, dinner will be ready in about five minutes!" Grandma Weasley shouted from the kitchen.

Victoire sighed. "You think if we stay here in the living room, anybody would notice?"

"I don't know. Let's see how long we can pull it off." Teddy pulled Victoire onto his lap.

Victoire gently stroked Teddy's cheek. "I really hate that I have to go back to Hogwarts."

"Me too."

"I hate being so far away from you. I feel like you're constantly in danger at that ruddy job of yours."

"Hey, it's Christmas. We can talk about this tomorrow. Tonight, we just enjoy being together." He pressed his lips against her forehead.





Things That Stop You Dreaming


Well if you can't get what you love

You learn to love the things you've got

If you can't be what you want

You learn to be the things you're not

If you can't get what you need

You learn to need the things that stop you dreaming

All the things that stop you dreaming

-Passenger



* * *



"Mass Murder: London Muggleborn Killings. Early Sunday morning, three muggleborns were killed in their homes. The attacks occurred in the home of Vanessa Breckenridge, 29, as she was having breakfast with boyfriend, Terrence Woodham, 31, and her sister, Delta Breckenridge, 24. Details on the killings were murky but the Auror Department confirmed the attack was done by the new age Death Eaters. Vanessa Breckenridge and her sister worked at a local pub in town. They were daughters of Murphy and Tatiana Breckenridge, two muggles from West Sussex. Vanessa and Delta were witches and attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Woodham was a half-blood from America. He'd been living in London for two years. Head of the Auror Department, Harry Potter, declined our request for a comment. Although, a few hours later, another murder occurred in the late hours of the evening. Clancy Randall, 32, and Jodie Randall, 30, were newly married. Clancy Randall was a muggle while Jodie Randall was a witch. They were both killed in their beds by the Avedra Kevadra curse. Whether or not these were hate crimes, discriminating against muggles and muggleborns remains unclear. The Auror Department is passing new security measures for all muggleborns. A new curfew may be passed to all witches and wizards in England but no official law has passed. These two killings were the third ones this month. Muggleborns all over the country are living in fear, especially for those who remember what it was like for muggleborns living during the era of You-Know-Who's reign. Several muggleborns are considering living in hiding and merging back into the muggle world—"

"Enough! I've heard enough!" Grace exclaimed.

Victoire set down the newspaper she'd been reading. "It's getting worse."

"Well, thank Godric none of us are muggleborns," Grace muttered.

"Skylar's a half-blood," Victoire reminded her. "Her dad's a muggle. They're being targeted just as much."

"Vic, think positive."

Victoire looked around the dining hall. "Where is Skylar anyway?"

"No idea. She keeps disappearing." Grace furrowed her eyebrows. "I swear she's hiding something."

The girls had been back at Hogwarts nearly a month now, each of them immersed in the start of the new term. Grace, after having spoken to Professor Alexander, who had sung her praises and advised she do a summer internship, had been busy sending out her resume and reading brochures for different jobs and internships. Otherwise, Grace spent most of her time in the common room, writing Luke lengthy letters about her day and how much she missed him. It seemed that getting back together with Luke, even though they were geographically apart, had drastically improved Grace's mood. First years no longer ran the other way when they saw her coming and she spent less time locked in the library, hiding behind an unnaturally large pile of books.

Skylar, on the other hand, disappeared most days. Grace and Victoire weren't too sure where she was going. She made brief appearances during mealtimes and class times but any time in between she was gone.

"Maybe she joined a club," Victoire suggested.

"Maybe she's dating someone," Grace said suddenly, gasping.

Victoire considered it. "But she would tell us."

"Yeah, I guess you're right."

"So, do you wanna talk about your birthday?"

Grace smiled. "Sure."

"Excited?"

"Sort of. I'm mostly excited to finally get my Apparating license. They're letting all of us who are seventeen to go into town on the first of February to take our tests."

Victoire pouted. "Merlin, I forgot you get to do that! No fair! I don't turn seventeen until May."

"Plus, Luke said he'd meet me in Hogsmeade that day!" Grace said cheerfully.

"But on your actual birthday, what are we doing?" Victoire wanted to know.

"Well, my birthday's gonna be on a school day, so there's really not much we can do."

"Gracie, come on," Victoire complained. "You have to do something! It's your seventeenth birthday! You'll be an official adult! We can sneak into Hogsmeade or throw a secret party in the Room of Requirement or—"

"I think you're confusing me for Skylar." Grace gave her a serious look. "I don't sneak out."

"You've snuck out before," Victoire reminded her.

"One time…and it was only because you lot tricked me into it."

"Fine." Victoire thought about it. "We can do a small party in the common room. I'll take care of everything! We'll have the house elves send up some butter beers and snacks. Skye can buy some balloons and decorations. We'll send the first years to bed early. It'll be brilliant!"

Grace hesitated. "Okay. Just nothing big."



* * *



Skylar sighed and pulled her long hair back into a loose ponytail. "I can't do this anymore," she complained, slamming her textbook shut. She was sprawled on Alexander's bed, working on her History assignments. Several textbooks, a few spare pieces of parchment, and a quill were all strewn across his bed.

Alexander, who was cleaning his Foe Glass, glanced at her. "What are you working on?"

"An essay for History of Magic. I don't even know why I'm still taking this class. It's so boring."

"What's the topic?"

"The Goblin Rebellions," Skylar told him dully.

Alexander stopped what he was doing. "The Goblin Rebellions? That's not boring!"

"It's not?"

"You know, one rebellion, in 1612, took place in Hogsmeade! In fact, the Three Broomsticks was used as the wizard headquarters for the rebellion. I mean, can you believe it? The place where you students go to have a nice refreshing butterbeer is actually an extremely important historical site. Amazing." He perched on the bed beside Skylar. "You should include that in your essay."

Skylar stared at him. "You know an awful lot about this."

"Well, yeah. My job used to be to research this kind of stuff." Alexander's eyes sparkled. "I mean, there's nothing like it, Skye. Traveling the world, making all these amazing discoveries about magic…You know that Foe Glass I was just cleaning? We found that in a small village in Peru. I mean, it was bloody brilliant. We discovered this ancient spot in the mountains where Voldemort's followers in South America used to convene. All the dark objects we found…the dark detectors…it was brilliant. After that, we spent a few weeks in Chile trying to find evidence of a supposedly dark Bolivian wizard that lived there. The trail went cold, of course. The Latin American government is still looking for him, you know. But it was exciting, dangerous! The research…it wasn't like you'd think. We weren't sitting in a dark lab all day. We were out there, searching ancient lands, meeting these amazing people, finding the most incredible artifacts..."

Skylar grinned. "You miss it?"

"Yeah, I do," Alexander said with a sad smile.

"Why'd you stop?" Skylar asked curiously. "I mean, it's your passion. You love it! Why'd you stop?"

"I needed the money," Alexander replied glumly. "My dad got sick a few months ago and the bills started piling up. My parents told me it was time to stop fooling around and get a real job to help them out."

"That's not fair," Skylar protested. "Your parents got their chance! They spent years traveling and doing the same thing you did! You said so yourself. It's how you grew up. You never even went to a real school because of it."

"True," Alexander agreed, "but my parents had a real income. They worked as researchers for St. Mungo's and the Ministry of Magic. They made enough money to raise a family happily. All the money I made was enough to buy me a souvenir every now and then. My mentor, Harlow Harzman, didn't really pay me much. He covered all my expenses for the travel and meals and everything so my small income was enough to get me by."

"Harlow Harzman," Skylar said slowly as if the name sounded familiar. "Has he been in the papers?"

"All the time," Alexander said proudly. "He's absolutely brilliant. The Auror Department relies on him for information on dark magic. They go to him all the time."

Skylar looked at him. "Do you ever wish you could go back to working for him?"

"Absolutely. I mean, don't get me wrong, I love my job teaching. I don't think I would go back to working for him, but I do miss it. I mean, some of your classmates are morons, but then you've got a student like Grace and it makes it all worthwhile."

"Grace is pretty brilliant," Skylar agreed.

"Are you kidding?" Alexander snorted. "She should be running this place. That girl is really going to do something to change the world. I can't wait to see what she grows up to be. You know, I was actually thinking of writing to Harlow and asking him if he knew of any internships for Grace. I really think she'd benefit from traveling a bit and exploring her magical abilities."

Skylar grinned. "Hey, you're a pretty good teacher, you know that?"

"A good teacher wouldn't be doing this," Alexander told her. "I'm risking my job. If anybody ever finds out about us, I'm putting your reputation at this school at risk."

Skylar put his arms around his neck. "Alex, I don't care about my reputation. Half this school already thinks I'm a brainless dolt anyway."

Alexander gently put his arms on Skylar's waist. "No, they don't. Everybody loves you. Why wouldn't they?"

"I've been told I can be a brat."

"You're absolutely brilliant," Alexander mumbled before gently kissing her. "Smart." He kissed her again. "And funny." His lips trailed down her neck. Skylar shuddered as his lips grazed her skin. "And sexy."

Skylar bit back a moan. "Yeah?" she said breathlessly.

"And you're definitely not a brainless dolt," he said, suddenly serious. Alexander pulled back and his eyes locked with hers as if he was making sure she understood his sincerity.

Skylar couldn't take it any longer. She closed the distances between the two of them and smashed her lips against his. The textbooks gently slid off the bed and fell with a thump on the floor as Alexander gently laid her on the bed.



* * *



Victoire considered the options in front of her. "I mean, Grace loves chocolate. You can never go wrong with chocolate."

"Try vanilla," the oldest house elf suggested, gently pushing forward the plate with the vanilla cake slice.

"How about both flavors?" Danielle suggested.

"Can you guys do that?" Victoire asked hesitantly, turning to face the house elves.

They all nodded their heads vigorously. "Two cakes for Ms. Weasley!" they shouted happily before running off.

Danielle grimaced. "They should be getting paid."

"You sound like my aunt Hermione," Victoire muttered. "They like serving! And Hogwarts gives them excellent working conditions!"

"Hogwarts doesn't pay them for their work," Danielle countered angrily. "It's outrageous."

"They get offended when we offer to pay them," Victoire said with a shrug.

"Yeah, because for centuries wizards have been brainwashing them into believing they're our slaves!" Danielle said hotly.

Victoire raised her eyebrows. "Have you ever considered taking a job with my aunt Hermione?"

"Vic, you have to admit the way wizards treat house elves is wrong!"

"Of course it's wrong," Victoire said, "but it's getting better. And the house elves at Hogwarts are treated extremely well! They can't ask for a better job."

Danielle sighed. "Yes, they can. It's just sickening."

Victoire checked the time. "We should really get going. The club meeting starts in half an hour."

"Good point. As president, I should probably be on time."

"Probably." The two girls slid out of the kitchen booth. Victoire looked back at the house elves scuttling to make the cake. "I'll be back after dinner to pick up the cakes for the party," Victoire told them on her way out.

Danielle started to climb out the portrait hole. "So, is everything else for the party sorted?"

"I've got the food and drinks covered. Francis Everett said he'd take care of the music. Samara said she'd make sure to shoo the first and second years to bed before the party started. And Skye has the decorations taken care of."

Danielle frowned. "You know, I've hardly seen Skylar since term started."

"Me too. I don't know where she keeps disappearing off to."

"You think she's hiding something?"

Victoire shrugged. "Who knows with that girl."



* * *



Grace looked around the common room, her face reddening. Skylar had overdone it with the decorations, but Grace really shouldn't have been so surprised. Pictures of Grace through the ages were plastered strategically on every wall. Grace counted fifteen banners hanging around the common room with her name on them. Balloons were everywhere and Skylar had chanted it so that every time somebody popped a balloon, a chorus of happy birthday would be played for the entire common room to hear.

"Nice party," Ruby Hathaway said with a smirk. Ruby was a fellow sixth year that Grace had been friends with since first year.

Grace looked sideways. "Don't start, Ruby."

"Cupcake?" Ruby teased, handing her the small treat, which of course had had her face drawn in icing. "It's actually pretty accurate," Ruby said, impressed.

Grace turned a bright shade of red. "She put up giant pictures of me as a baby!"

Ruby roared with laughter. "I noticed."

"Just eat your cake," Grace grumbled, giving her back the cupcake.

"I would but I don't know how I feel about taking a bite out of your face," Ruby said grimly.

"Happy birthday to you! Happy birthday to you!" A balloon was accidentally popped and the room erupted into another chorus of happy birthday. Grace sighed and shook her head as all her friends and classmates joined in on the singing.

"I asked for something small, something simple…"

Ruby raised her eyebrows. "You asked Skylar Grey and Victiore Weasley for something simple?"

"I now see my error in judgement," Grace muttered.

"Come on! The party's fun!" Ruby beamed. "Everybody's having a great time."

"Yeah, I know." Grace forced a smile. "It is a good party."

"Grace, come take pictures!" Skylar demanded from across the room. She and Victoire were posing in front of a life size cardboard cut out of Grace as Danielle enthusiastically snapped pictures. Grace stared in horror as Victoire and Skylar kissed the cheeks of her cardboard cut out for Danielle to take pictures.

"Oh my Godric," she moaned.

Ruby gave her a small push. "Happy birthday!" she called after her.

Grace made a beeline toward her two best friends. "Of all the pictures to make a cardboard cut out of, you chose that one?"

Victoire shrugged. "It's the most recent one we have."

Skylar put her arm around cardboard Gracie. "I like it. It's got the prefect badge and the books…it's like you're actually here!"

"I am actually here!" Grace exclaimed, gesturing toward herself.

Skylar rolled her eyes. "You know what I mean."

"We have one more surprise for you!" Victoire exclaimed, her eyes sparkling.

"Good or bad?" Grace asked cautiously.

"Why would we give you a bad surprise on your birthday?"

"I don't know. The naked baby pictures weren't really a pleasant surprise." Grace motioned to the wall of baby pictures behind them.

"I like those pictures. You were such a cute baby. Look at those chubby cheeks!" Luke exclaimed. He was standing beside her, grinning fondly at her baby pictures.

Grace's eyes widened. "Luke!" she squealed before throwing herself at him. "You're here!"

"I wouldn't miss your birthday," Luke told her before giving her a long kiss.

"I told you it was a good surprise," Victoire said. "Now, if you'll excuse me, I think I need to refill the candy bowl…" she muttered before walking away.

Skylar followed after her. "I told you we should've gotten more Bertie Bott's. People go mental over those."

"Are you allowed in the castle?" Grace asked, stunned.

"Not really. Vic snuck me in through one of the secret passageways." He chortled. "Merlin, I forgot what it was like to be in school and be sneaking around all the time. That was like a lifetime ago."

"I need a picture of you too," Danielle told them as she continued snapping pictures.

Luke slipped his arm around Grace's waist and grinned at the camera. "On picture duty tonight, Dani?"

"Grace, you look stiff." Danielle lowered the camera and glared at her. "It's your seventeenth birthday. Can you at least pretend to be excited?"

Luke tickled Grace's side, making her laugh. Danielle quickly snapped the pictures and grinned at Luke. "Thank you!"

"No problem," Luke said with a nod before Danielle pranced away, taking pictures of the other party goers.

Luke turned to face Grace, his face serious. "Why are you being such a grump?"

"I'm not being a grump!"

"Yes, you are. Now tell me why you aren't excited about your birthday."

Grace sighed. "It's just…it's been a year and nothing's changed."

"What do you mean?"

"Last year, I didn't want a birthday party because my parents were getting divorced and Heidi was pregnant. This year, it's worse. My parents' divorce is finalized and Heidi had the baby. I'm still not talking to my dad. My family's still a mess. And I haven't gotten any taller!"

"Well, honey, I'm not that surprised. I think you're done growing."

"So, I'll always be shorter than everybody?"

"Probably." Luke gave her a small smile. "But the other stuff will get better. I mean, you won't be fighting with your dad forever. You two will make up eventually. As for Heidi and the baby? I think one day you'll see that the divorce wasn't so bad. Your parents seem to be happier now. At least, your mum does."

Grace swallowed. "I don't want it to be like this, though. I want my parents together. I want to still be my dad's only little girl. I don't want Heidi or that baby in the family. It should be just me and Henry."

"Gracie, it'll never be like that again. Heidi and the baby are now permanently in your dad's life, which means they're permanently in your life."

"Says you."

"Grace."

"What? I don't want my dad in my life. Not like this. I want my old dad back. I want the one who would coach mine and Henry's quidditch teams. I want the dad who didn't cheat on my mum and knock up some wretched woman. I want the dad that would bring my mum chocolate and flowers every Friday night. I want the dad who would have dinner with us every night and help my mum clean up the kitchen. I want my old dad back. I don't want this dad. I don't want a dad who would abandon his family."

"Your dad didn't abandon you, Gracie," Luke said gently.

"He abandoned my mum, which is the same thing," Grace snapped.

Luke kissed her forehead. "You want to hate your dad? Fine. But don't let him ruin your life. You're right. This has been going on too long. You were moping about this last year and you're still moping about it this year. That's enough. If you don't want anything to do with your dad, then don't let him ruin your birthday. Celebrate with your friends! Enjoy your party! Babe, you're seventeen now. You're legal! You can apparate and vote…"

"I am excited to vote," Grace said, a grin tugging at the corners of her lips.

Luke took her hand. "Come on. Let's go make the rounds! Also, just so you know, I'm totally taking some of these baby pictures home."

"How in Merlin's saggiest butt cheek did Skylar manage to get all these pictures?" Grace asked, exasperated.

"Your mother," Skylar replied, appearing by her side. "Vic wants to play Exploding Snap. You and Luke against me and her?" Skylar asked.

"You're on," Grace said with a grin. She glanced at Luke. "Lucas, I swear to Godric if you lose me this game…"

"Yeah, yeah, yeah," Luke waved her off. "Come on! Let's play!"

Skylar beamed and scurried off. "Vic, they agreed to play!"

Luke started to follow her but Grace pulled him back. She gave him an intense kiss. "Thank you for coming," she murmured.

He grinned. "Of course. Happy birthday, Gracie."





Only Love


Darling you're with me, always around me.

Only love, only love.

Darling I feel you, under my body.

Only love, only love.

Give me shelter, or show me heart

Come on love, come on love.

-Ben Howard



* * *



"You're eighteen, on the cover of every Witch magazine, your album is number one on the charts, you're reportedly dating one of the most handsome quidditch players in the league, you toured with one of the most famous bands in the world and now you're headlining your own tour, your young and beautiful…what's your secret to all of this success?"

Sienna smiled politely and crossed her legs. "Well, I definitely think I owe it all to the Weird Sisters. They're the ones that really gave me my big break and they inspired so many different aspects of my album. I was on tour with them for several months and it was during that time that I wrote most of the songs for this album."

The interviewer nodded and smiled coyly. "And would you like to clear up the rumors that these songs were inspired by Findley West, beater for the Chudley Cannons…are you two dating?"

Sienna laughed. "Finn and I have been friends since Hogwarts, since we were eleven years old."

The interviewer narrowed her eyes suspiciously. "So, you're not dating?"

Sienna glanced behind the interviewer where Finn was standing waiting for her. He shot her his most dazzling smile and winked. "No, we're definitely dating," Sienna finally replied, her face turning bright red.

The interviewer's eyes widened. "So, the rumors are true?"

"I guess so," Sienna said with a nervous laugh. "As for whether the songs are about him…well, possibly. I was going through so much at the time that those songs were written and I definitely really poured my emotions and what I was feeling into those songs."

"And how long have you two been dating?" The interviewer asked eagerly.

Sienna thought about it. "Since May, I think." She glanced back at Finn for confirmation and he nodded.

The interviewer turned around to see what Sienna was looking at and gasped. "He's here!"

"Finn is on tour with me until the Quidditch season starts. We'll be apart for a while so we're just trying to spend as much time together as possible."

The interviewer hurried to scribble down what Sienna was saying. "So, have you been writing any new songs? Anything about your boyfriend?" she asked eagerly.

Sienna laughed. "Oh, I'm always writing about everything. Actually, most recently, I've been finding myself writing about the muggleborn attacks. It's something that's really difficult for me since I have so many friends that are muggleborns."

The interviewer's face turned somber. "The recent muggleborn attacks must really hit home considering the death of Christopher Watson. He was one of the first people attacked in this new wave of muggleborn hatred and it's been said he was one of your good friends. Magazines showed pictures of you at his funeral."

Sienna swallowed and looked to Finn in panic. Understanding, Finn nudged Lucille and she stepped forward. "No more questions about Christopher or Findley, please," Lucille said sternly to the interviewer.

"Of course! Of course!" The interviewer hastily changed the subject. "We were talking about your tour before and how the Weird Sisters influenced the style of your songs. Did they play a role in anything else on your tour?"

Sienna nodded. "Erm…absolutely…the way the stage is set up and the costumes. I learned so much from being on tour with them. I learned so much not just about music but about how a tour is set up and—"



* * *



"I hate interviews," Sienna said with a groan. She was standing in the hotel lobby with her mother and Finn after saying goodbye to the interviewer.

Lucille pursed her lips. "She shouldn't have asked you about Christopher or Findley. We told her no personal questions."

"She was just doing her job," Sienna muttered. "You know, getting as much out of me as she could."

"Well, it's over now," Finn said soothingly. "Now we know to steer clear from certain questions in other interviews."

"Godric, I just choked out there. I didn't know how to answer." Sienna said miserably.

"Nobody blames you," Finn told her. "I would've been worse if somebody asked me about Chris."

Sienna gave him a grateful smile. "Hey, I guess we're officially out as a couple now."

"It'll be on the cover of every magazine by tomorrow," Finn said, rolling his eyes. "As if it's actually important news compared to all the other rubbish going on in the world. Five muggleborn killings in a month? Nah, not important compared to who you're dating," he said sarcastically.

"Are you upset?" Sienna asked. "I know we agreed not to talk about it with the press but I just got so sick of them always asking me that question and me always avoiding it. I figured I put it all out there once and for all and I won't have to talk about it again."

Finn shrugged. "It's okay. It's just weird, you know? I've never been in the spotlight like this before. It's mental that people care so much about this."

"I know what you mean," Sienna muttered in agreement.

Lucille, who had been scribbling things down on a clipboard, looked up. "Get used to it, kids. You're celebrities now."

Sienna eyed the clipboard warily. "So, what's next on the schedule, Mum?"

"Nothing."

"Nothing?"

"You heard me."

"But there's always something on the schedule. No album signings or interviews?"

Lucille pursed her lips. "Well, we did have two more interviews scheduled but Findley made us cancel them."

"You did?" Sienna looked at him in surprise.

"We're leaving for North America tomorrow bright and early. I figured you needed a few hours of rest before all that traveling ahead of you."

Lucille groaned. "Don't remind me. An entire month with Americans."

Sienna grinned at Finn. "So, I get a break for the rest of the afternoon?"

"Absolutely," Finn said, offering her his hand. "Come on!"

"Where are we going?" Sienna asked as Finn pulled her away.

"Nap," Finn told her.

Sienna beamed as they stepped inside the elevator. "Oh, you're a beautiful, wonderful man, Findley West."

"I figured you'd be tired considering how early we had to get up this morning."

Sienna nodded. "I'm sorry you keep having to wake up so early…and then stay up so late for every show…"

"Are you kidding? I love it!" The elevator doors opened and they started toward their room. "S, this has been amazing. I mean, I get to see you perform every night! And now the whole world is gonna know what a lucky bastard I am."

"You're really not mad about me telling that reporter we're dating?"

"Why would I be mad?" Finn asked.

"I don't know."

"Well, I'm not mad," he assured her as he opened their hotel room door.

Sienna walked inside and collapsed onto the large bed. "And I'm sorry you're so far away from home."

Finn frowned. "S, why are you suddenly so apologetic?"

"Because you're probably homesick and you've never been away from Teddy this long before and it's the first time you've been away from the dogs and you've hardly gotten a chance to practice for the season and—"

"Woah, slow down there," Finn said with a laugh as he sat down on the edge of the bed.

Sienna sighed and sat up. "I'm serious. You've given up a lot for me."

"I talk to Teddy every single night before bed," Finn reminded her.

Sienna made a face. "Yeah, I know. It's really weird. I swear, he cares more about your day than I do."

"And Teddy promised to show Milo and Toby pictures of me every single day."

"You have Teddy show your dogs pictures of you?"

"It's so they won't forget me."

"Well, as long as there's a logical reason," Sienna muttered.

"And," Finn continued, "I squeeze in a game of Quidditch whenever I can. I'll be fine by the time the new season begins."

Sienna looked at him. "You're really not miserable?"

Finn grinned before kissing her. "I'm having the time of my life." He slipped Sienna's shoes off her feet and crawled into bed beside her. "Babe, just relax and enjoy your afternoon off."

Sienna stifled a yawn. "I'm just going to close my eyes for a few minutes…"

"Good idea," Finn muttered, his eyes already closed.



* * *



Finn snorted, leaning back against the blue couch. Sienna pinched his arm. "Finn, shut up!"

Finn and Sienna were in their dressing room with Chase and Daniel. They were all on break from rehearsal and swapping sex stories. Finn loved the conversation topic. Sienna, however, was not as fond of it.

Chase, the drummer, roared with laughter. "S, I never would've pegged you as a sex-in-the-men's-room type of girl."

Sienna turned bright red. "Well…"

"That's not even the worst place," Finn said with a laugh as he straightened up. "In our sixth year, during a school assembly-"

Sienna grabbed his arm. "Keep talking and you'll be responsible for taking care of your own orgasms from now on."

Daniel, the pianist, bit back a laugh. "I'd shut it if I were you, Finn."

Finn sighed and straightened out his concert t-shirt. "I don't understand why you're getting so upset, S."

"Finn, that is private information!" she hissed.

"Okay, let's make it even then," Finn said with a grin. "Chase, Daniel, you two have to tell us an embarrassing sex story now."

Daniel considered it. "Well, on Halloween last year, my entire family caught me and that Poppy girl." He leaned in closer. "Including my ten year old sister."

"How?" Sienna gasped, blushing for him.

"I didn't lock the door and then there they all were, standing at my bedroom door, looking horrified." Daniel shook his head. "I couldn't look my mum in the eye for months. And I could never bring that poor girl around my family again."

"Christmas must have been awkward," Finn remarked with a shudder.

"No kidding," Daniel said grimly.

"Your turn," Finn said eagerly, turning to Chase.

"No way," Chase said flatly. "You guys can embarrass yourselves all you want. I'm staying out of it."

"Aw, come on, Chase!" Sienna pleaded. "You heard plenty of stories about me from this idiot." She motioned toward Finn. "You can't make a bigger fool of yourself than I already have."

"S, I do not want relentless teasing from your boyfriend for the next month." Chase crossed his arms. "I'm keeping my lips sealed."

"Come on, mate! At least tell us what happened to that girl from last night?" Daniel pushed him.

"The blonde one?" Chase asked, trying to remember the blurry details from the night before.

"Oh, yeah!" Finn turned to Sienna. "Babe, you know who she kinda looked like?"

"Who?"

"Skylar!" Finn exclaimed.

Chase rolled his eyes. "No, she didn't."

"Oh, yeah," Sienna said, her eyes widening. "She kinda did."

"Mate, you totally have a type," Finn snickered.

"I do not have a type," Chase said. "Just because they were both blonde."

"Who's Skylar?" Daniel wanted to know.

"They had very similar facial features," Sienna said, nodding.

"And the walk was the same," Finn added.

"Who's Skylar!" Daniel asked again, annoyed. "Somebody tell me!"

"One of our friends," Finn informed him. "Chase, here, hooked up with her about a year ago when the Weird Sisters did that show in Hogsmeade."

"The veela?" Daniel asked dreamily.

"No, that's Vic," Sienna replied.

Daniel thought about it. "Loud? Dirty blonde hair? Fucking gorgeous?"

"She's definitely loud," Finn muttered.

"S, why do you have such hot friends?" Daniel demanded.

Chase grinned, remembering the night. "Skylar…she was a good kisser…" He straightened up. "Hey, is she still single?"

"Yes," Finn said, "but you're staying away from her."

"Why?"

"Because I know how you are," Finn said. "Skye can't be another blonde girl from last night."

"They're not all blonde. The girl from two nights ago had red hair." Chase sighed. "I'm not helping myself, am I?"

"No," Sienna said. "It doesn't matter anyway. I think Skye's seeing somebody."

"What?" Finn yelped. "Who? Why didn't I know about this? Why am I always the last to know about everything?"

"Relax." Sienna rolled her eyes. "I was talking to Vic last night and she thinks Skylar's secretly dating somebody."

"You reckon it's Ethan?" Finn wondered. "They did go to the Ball together."

"No, Vic says Skye completely blew him off after the Ball."

"Poor Ethan."

Daniel looked around. "Hey, Skye, why is your dressing room so much nicer than ours?"

Sienna shrugged. "You can have my room if you take over doing stuff with the press for me."

"I'm good," Daniel replied. "Hey, you got anything to drink in this fancy room of yours?"

"Champagne over there," Finn pointed behind him. "Let's all have some."

"Brilliant," Chase replied, waving his wand. Four glasses flew in front of him.

"To finally arriving in America?" Chase suggested as the champagne poured itself.

Finn took his glass and held it up. "To America!" he cheered. The others followed in his lead before taking sips of their drinks.





More Than Anyone


I'm going to love you more than anyone

I'm going to hold you closer than before

And when I kiss your soul, your body'll be free

-Gavin DeGraw



* * *



Skylar closed her eyes and made a wish before blowing out the candles. The Room of Requirement erupted into loud cheers and applause. Skylar beamed and looked around at all her friends gathered around her.

"Happy birthday, Skye!" Victoire exclaimed, her deep blue eyes sparkling under the lights.

"Thanks, Vic! This party was amazing," she told her best friend sincerely.

Somebody began cutting the cake and Skylar took the opportunity to take a step back as everybody scrambled to get a piece. Victoire was separated from Skylar as a flock of googly faced blokes rushed to ask her to dance. Victoire politely declined, tugging at the corners of her sparkly silver dress uncomfortably. She caught Skylar's eyes for a moment and let out a silent plea for help.

Grace, on the other hand, was scrambling to serve everybody cake. Her green dress had a dark stain on the corner from earlier in the night when Edwin Gibbs got too drunk and spilled firewhiskey on her. "Skye, you want a slice?" Grace called.

Skylar declined and muttered something about going to the bathroom. She didn't know what was wrong with her that night. Usually, she'd be having the time of her life at a huge party like that one. Why was she suddenly so eager for it to be over? Skylar took a deep breath and looked in the mirror. Her make up was dark, her dress was tight and black, and her hair was done in loose curls. "You live for this stuff, Skye," she told herself in the mirror before marching out of the bathroom.

Victoire and Grace were in the middle of the dance floor. Victoire had attracted a group of admirers that were all drooling over her. She was shimmying against Grace. Grace had her head tilted back, laughing happily.

"How much have they had to drink?" Skylar asked Danielle.

"Too much," Danielle replied with a laugh.

Skylar raised her eyebrows. "Even Grace?"

"Oh, yeah," Danielle snorted. She frowned at Skylar. "Wait a second. Why aren't you drunk yet? Have you and Grace switched bodies or something?"

Skylar grinned. "I'm just not in the mood to drink."

"And you haven't flirted or snogged any boys yet," Danielle continued suspiciously.

"Eh. I've grown bored of all these Hogwarts boys." Skylar shrugged.

Danielle gave her a dubious look. "You know, the last I saw you this well-behaved was when you and Teddy were dating." She suddenly gasped. "Oh my Godric! You're seeing somebody, aren't you?"

"Dani, who would I be seeing?"

"Besides a therapist?"

"Yes."

Danielle looked around. "I don't know. I mean, you and Ethan were pretty hot and heavy before Christmas."

"Definitely not Ethan. He hardly speaks to me anymore." Skylar gave Danielle a small push. "Why don't you go join the party instead of grilling me about my imaginary boyfriend?"

"Dani! Skye!" Victoire beckoned them forward from the dance floor.

Danielle grimaced. "I don't dance."

"You do now!" Grace said happily, grabbing her arm and dragging her to the dance floor.

Skylar laughed, watching her friends dance. She felt a pang of sadness over come her when she realized Sienna, Teddy, and Finn were no longer with them. They were faraway from school, venturing into the real world without them.



* * *



Alexander checked his watch. It was thirty minutes until midnight. He sighed and returned to the papers he was grading. A light knock on the door made Alexander look up. The door slowly creaked open and Skylar peeked inside. She was in a silvery mini dress and extremely high heels. "Hey," she said with a small smile. "Can I come in?"

"Yeah, of course! I wasn't expecting you tonight. I thought you were supposed to be at your birthday party. Won't your friends miss you?"

Skylar stepped inside and closed the door behind her. "No," she said with a laugh. "They're all too drunk to even notice I'm gone."

Alexander covered his ears. "Skylar! I don't want to hear this. I'm a Hogwarts employee. I can't know about an after hours, unauthorized party with underage drinking!"

"Relax. Besides, I'm no longer underage. I'm seventeen today, remember?"

"So, did you have fun at your big party?" Alexander asked, sitting on the edge of the small couch crammed into his room.

Skylar shrugged. "It was fun." She perched on his lap. "It just wasn't the same without you there."

"Skye, you know why I couldn't go." He pulled her closer, resting his arm around her waist.

"I know. That's why I came here." Skylar kissed him. "I wanted to spend the last few minutes of my birthday with you."

Alexander grinned and gave her a long kiss. "Well, now I have to make sure to make the last few minutes of your birthday memorable."

"No pressure," Skylar said with a laugh.

"Don't worry. I have just the thing." Alexander reached behind him and pulled out a small, wrapped box.

"You go me a gift?" Skylar gasped, her eyes glittering with excitement.

"A birthday gift." He handed her the box. Skylar eagerly tore the wrapper off and tossed aside the lid. She peered inside the box and gasped. There was a silver necklace with an "S." Tiny diamonds outlined the "S."

"Do you like it?" he asked nervously.

"Alex, it's beautiful!" Skylar beamed and gave him a grateful kiss. "I love it."

Alexander grinned and helped Skylar clasp the necklace on. "So, what other gifts did you get?" he asked.

"Oh, well my dad sent me-"



* * *



Grace closed her eyes and groaned. "Oh yeah. This is why I don't drink."

Victoire, who was wearing oversized sunglasses, tilted her head back. "I think I'm gonna hurl."

They were sitting under the large tree by the lake. Grace had suggested they go outside to enjoy the first sunny day in months, but she was quickly beginning to regret that decision. The bright sunlight was giving her a migraine.

"Do you at least think Skye had fun last night?" Victoire muttered.

"Don't ask me," Grace replied. "I don't remember anything after the jello shots."

Victoire clutched her stomach. "Merlin, were those a mistake..."

Grace shivered and adjusted her scarf. "I reckon we should probably get inside. The sun is hurting my eyes."

Victoire stood up. "You reckon I can get out of Quidditch practice tonight?"

"With a game in two weeks? Fat chance."

The two girls headed back to the castle. It was the first sunny day in weeks and they thought they could enjoy the warmth of the sun. What they failed to do was take into account their hangovers. They ran into Skylar at the foot of the Grand Staircase.

"Skye!" Grace exclaimed.

Skylar smiled when she saw them. Her face was flushed and make up free. Her hair was pulled back into a ponytail and she was wearing a pink sports bra with black workout pants. "Hey, guys!"

"Where have you been?" Victoire asked. "We didn't see you this morning."

"And you never came to bed after your party last night."

Skylar shrugged. "Oh, yeah. I...erm...I crashed on the couch..."

Victoire raised her eyebrows. "Crashed on the couch?" she repeated dubiously.

"Uh huh."

"So, you were with a boy?" Victoire guessed.

"Yeah," Skylar admitted with a sigh.

Grace snorted. "Is that where your shirt went?"

Skylar gave her a look. "No!" She pulled on a light gray jacket. "I thought I might take advantage of the weather finally clearing up." She started stretching. "I'm gonna go for a run outside."

Grace looked at Skylar as if she had just sprouted another head. "I still don't understand your weird running penchant."

Victoire nodded in agreement. "Me neither."

"Well, not all of use are blessed with veela genes." Skylar stretched her arms. "I need to work to keep my body if I want to keep my modeling contract."

"Well, have fun, I guess," Grace said dubiously.

"Thanks!" Skylar said cheerfully before she sprinted away.



* * *



Alexander handed Grace an envelope. "The recommendation letter you requested," he told her.

Grace's eyes widened. "Brilliant! Thank you so much." She beamed and slipped the letter in her backpack.

"What's that letter for?" Victoire wondered.

"I'm applying for a few internships this summer," Grace informer her.

"I really think you should apply to my former boss," Alexander advised.

"I will," Grace promised.

Alexander nodded and continued down the Great hall and up to the teacher's table.

Victoire poked Grace. "You gonna read that letter?"

"I'm not allowed," Grace replied.

"So?"

"So, it's against the rules."

"Professor Alexander would never know."

"But I would."

Victoire rolled her eyes. "Whatever."

"Sorry I actually follow the rules," Grace snapped.

Margo Higgins leaned across the table. "What did Professor Alexander want with you, Grace?" she asked.

"Oh, I asked him to write me a recommendation letter. I'm applying to a few internships over the summer."

Carol Stevens sighed dreamily. "Alexander Bennett is one attractive wizard."

"The things I would do to him," Margo added cheekily.

Victoire giggled. "Margo!"

"Well, wouldn't you?" Margo demanded.

"In a heartbeat," Carol agreed.

Victoire looked at Alexander. He was sitting beside Neville at the teacher's table. "I guess so..." she said slowly, "but only if Teddy wasn't in the picture."

Grace snorted. "And if he weren't your teacher," she added.

"That too," Victoire agreed.

"I don't care if he's my teacher or not," Carol said. "If the opportunity presented himself."

"Like that would ever happen," Margo said derisively.

"You never know. He's young, single..."

"How do you know he's single?" Grace asked.

Carol shrugged. "Don't you think he is?"

Victoire grinned. "So, do you think he's cute, Gracie?" she teased.

Grace blushed fiercely. "That's beside the point."

"Grace Rhodes, you dog!" Carol giggled.

Grace rolled her eyes. "Very mature, you guys."

Skylar plopped down into the seat beside Victoire. "Hey, guys! What are we talking about?"

Margo smirked. "How attractive Professor Alexander is."

Skylar froze. "What?"

"Professor Alexander!" Carol exclaimed. "Don't you think he's cute? Grace and Victoire do."

Skylar stared at her friends. "You guys do?"

Victoire shrugged. "I mean, yeah. I'm not blind."

"Doesn't mean we're going to turn into giggling schoolgirls," Grace said.

"I like that he lets us call him by his first name," Carol said. "It makes him sexier somehow."

"It does?" Skylar stated blankly.

Margo narrowed her eyes at Skylar. "Don't you find him attractive?"

Skylar felt her face burn. "No. I mean...he's okay, I guess..." She glanced at Alexander. He was serving himself food. When he saw Skylar watching him, he winked.

"You know what I like about him?" Grace said. "He's smart. Like really smart."

"And well-traveled," Victoire added. "Very cultured."

Skylar fiddled with her fingers nervously. "Hey, so, did you lot do the Potions essay yet?" she asked abruptly, hoping to change the subject.

"Not yet," Margo replied. "Why?"

"I just haven't come up with a good topic yet," Skylar answered. It wasn't a lie. She hadn't even given her Potions essay a second thought until then, let alone come up with a thesis.

Grace's eyes lit up and she began chattering on about what her essay topic was going to be. Skylar leaned back and let out a small sigh of relief, grateful the conversation was no longer on Alexander. She hated that she couldn't tell her friends about him. She hated that she couldn't ask their advice. And she hated having to lie to them all the time.

But at the same time, there was something thrilling about keeping Alexander a secret. He wasn't like any other Hogwarts boy she'd dated. Alexander, though only two years older than her, had lived so much more than anybody she'd ever met. He'd spent his whole life traveling around the world. By the time he was ten, he'd seen more than what most people saw their entire lives. He could speak five languages, he was knowledgeable about cultures Skylar had never even known existed, he was passionate and eager to learn, and he was exciting. His life was like a nonstop adventure. On the weekends, he'd leave Hogwarts to go explore ancient muggle burial grounds in South America or go explore the Hungarian woods for ancient lost magical artifacts. Alexander couldn't ever be still. he was constituently talking about his next big project or adventure. Skylar could hardly keep up with him.

The truth was, Skylar was pretty sure she was falling in love with him. The way Alexander made her feel was overwhelming. Skylar had thought she knew what love was before. She thought she had loved Teddy, but Merlin had she been wrong. What Skylar had with Teddy was puppy love, if even that. With Alexander, Skylar couldn't control the jolt of electricity that she felt when she was around him. Skylar was finally beginning to understand why Teddy had picked Victoire. She could finally understand that feeling Teddy had for Victoire that he had struggled so much to explain to her, to make her understand. Skylar could finally forgive Teddy for what he had done because she knew it was beyond his control. He couldn't help what he felt for Victoire just like Skylar couldn't help what she felt for Alexander.



* * *



Alexander listened to Neville tell a funny story about one of his first years to the other teachers. Alexander's eyes wandered across the Great Hall to all the students happily having dinner and they rested on Skylar. She was sitting beside Victoire and Grace, laughing with all the other girls sitting around them. She looked so free and happy and young. It almost made him sad to think she could be having a normal, carefree relationship with somebody her age. But she was with him. She'd picked him.

Alexander fought it as best he could but he could no longer control how felt about Skylar. When they first met, it was supposed to just be a summer fling, but the more Alexander got know her, the harder he fell for her. Skylar had more depth to her than most people knew. She stood up for what she believed to every last fiber of her being and Alexander found that incredibly intriguing. He soon discovered she was much smarter that she led on. She was very much aware of what was happening around the world unlike most other seventeen year olds. Alexander loved that he could have a serious discussion with her but that she was also one of the only people who get him to really loosen up. Skylar had that effect on people. Skylar was funny and witty. She was flirty and sexy. She drank with no shame and danced like nobody was watching. She didn't waste her time doing things that made her unhappy. Skylar always enjoyed life. She complemented him and brought out the best in him.

The other teachers chuckled appreciatively as Neville finished his anecdote. Alexander realized he'd zoned out and quickly forced a laugh for the sake of pretending he'd been listening. Out of the corners of his eyes, he saw Skylar get up along with several other girls. They all left together, appearing to be chattering happily with one another. Not for the first time, Alexander wished he could get up, grab Skylar's hand, and just kiss her in front of everybody.



* * *



Victoire checked the time. "Give minutes until class ends," she told her friends.

They were supposed to be practicing defensive spells on each other while Professor Alexander walked around the classroom and gave them pointers. Victoire, because she was a Weasley, was a natural when it came to defense against the dark arts. Within five minutes, Professor Alexander had claimed her the star student of that day. She would've made her uncle Harry proud. Even Skylar was fairly good when it came to defensive spells. It didn't take long for her to fully grasp the art of defensive magic.

Grace, on the other hand, wasn't very good at practical magic. Ask her to write an essay on the perfect wand waving technique? Easy. Ask her to actually perform said wand waving technique? Not so easy. Grace's jaw clenched. "I can do this," she said with angry determination.

Skylar gave her a dubious look. "Grace, you don't have to be good at everything."

"I said I can do this," Grace snapped, her eyes flashing.

Victoire put her hands up defensively. "Okay. Okay. You can do this."

"Remember, it's important to flick your wrist," Alexander reminded the class as he helped a Hufflepuff aim properly.

Grace pointed her wand directly at Skylar. "Okay. Go ahead. I'm ready."

The bell overhead rang, eliciting an angry groan from Grace.

"Alright, everybody, wands away!" Alexander reminded them. "We'll continue this tomorrow."

Students began packing their belongings and filing out of the classroom. Skylar quickly dropped her wand in her backpack. "I'll meet up with you guys later," she said to Grace and Victoire. "I have to ask Alexander something about the homework."

Victoire slung her backpack over her shoulder. "Okay. We'll wait for you back at the common room."

"Okay," Skylar replied before making her way to the front of the classroom. The only student left was a Ravenclawe. He was asking Alexander something about the extra credit.

"Professor, can I ask you a question?" Skylar said loudly just as the Ravenclaw boy left.

Alexander smiled. "Of course, Ms. Grey."

When the double doors closed behind the Ravenclawe boy, Skylar took a step toward Alexander and gave him a sweet kiss. "Do I get extra credit for sleeping with the teacher?" she asked with a smirk.

Alexander snorted. "Depends how good you are."

"Evidently not very," Skylar said with a frown. "You gave me a 'P' on my last quiz."

"Skye, you didn't even finish it."

"I only left two blank!" Skylar grumbled.

Alexander raised his eyebrows. "Being with me just means I'm going to go harder on you because I know you're capable of more."

Skylar looked at him. "You keep saying that."

"Well, it's true," he replied, leaning in to give her another kiss. He spotted the silver necklace resting around her neck and beamed. "Hey, you're wearing my present!"

Skylar smiled and reached up to touch the necklace. "I love it so much, Alex," she told him sincerely.

"Good. I'm glad." Alexander gave her a long kiss. "So, are you coming over tonight?" he asked in a low voice before gently kissing her neck.

Skylar closed her eyes and let out a small gasp as his lips traveled down her neck. "I don't know," she finally replied breathlessly. "Vic and Grace are starting to notice I'm not sleeping there anymore."

Alexander pulled away and looked at her. "Well, I'll wait up for you in case you manage to get away."

"I'll try," Skylar promised before cupping his face in her hands and kissing him.



* * *



Halfway down the hallway, Victoire stopped.

"What is it?" Grace asked.

"I forgot my book. Bugger!"

Grace frowned. "You'll need it for homework tonight. You have to go back and get it."

"Ugh. Alright. I'll run back."

Grace nodded and casually leaned against the wall. "I'll wait here for you."

"Sounds good!" Victoire called back as she turned around and sprinted back to the Defense Against the Dark Arts room. When she walked inside, Victoire froze. She saw Professor Alexander and Skylar locked together in a deep kiss. Skylar's arms were resting on Alexander's shoulders and Alexander had his arms wrapped around her waist. Victoire suddenly felt sick to her stomach. She finally understood Skylar's odd behavior recently. Victoire slowly backed away before turning around and sprinting down the hallway.

Grace was still waiting for her. "Hey, did you find your book?" she asked brightly.

Victoire swallowed and shook her head. "Erm...no...wasn't in there," Victoire lied. She hadn't even remembered about the book.

"You can just borrow mine, I guess," Grace said with a shrug. She frowned, noticing Victoire's expression. "Is everything okay?"

Victoire shook her head. "I don't think so." She nodded toward the hallway. "Come on. Let's get out of here."

Grace looked at her concernedly. "Okay," she said following after her slowly.





Bleeding Out


You tell me to hold on

Oh you tell me to hold on

But innocence is gone

And what was right is wrong

-Imagine Dragons



* * *



Victoire stared at her scrambled eggs. Her head was spinning and her stomach was churning. It'd been a few weeks since she'd seen Professor Alexander and Skylar together. Victoire didn't know what to think. Were they a couple? Was it a one time thing? Was Professor Alexander just using her? How long had they been sneaking around? All these questions swirled inside her head, giving her headache.

"Vic!" Grace said impatiently. "Are you even listening to me?"

Victoire blinked. "Sorry."

Grace sighed. "I was saying I'd sent out the last of my internship applications, which apparently wasn't very interesting conversation." She looked up and down the Great Hall and frowned. "Hey, where's Skylar, anyway? She's gonna miss lunch if she doesn't hurry."

Victoire checked the teacher's table at the end of the Hall. "Professor Alexander isn't here either," she muttered darkly.

Grace poured herself pumpkin juice. "So?"

Victoire shook her head. "It's just not right," she said more to herself than to Grace. "What they're doing is wrong."

Grace stared at her. "What's not right? Vic, are you feeling okay? You've been acting so weird."

Victoire quickly began to pack up her belongings. "I'm fine. I'm going got head over to Charms early. I suddenly lost my appetite."

Grace looked taken aback. "Oh...okay..."

Victoire rushed out of the Great Hall. Grace was right: Victoire had been acting weird lately. But so had Skylar. She was hardly around anymore, she snuck out of their room nearly every night, she mysteriously disappeared during meals, she'd hardly shown any interest in blokes recently. And now Victoire finally knew why. Skylar had been lying for months.

Victoire abruptly turned the corner. Instead of the Charms classroom, Victoire headed for the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom. She had the suspicion that was where Skylar might be. Victoire hadn't told anybody what she'd seen a few weeks ago. Instead, she'd avoided being alone with Skylar at all costs. She's silently protested Alexander's class and refused to participate or answer any of his questions. Whenever Alexander called on her, Victoire met his questions with a simple shrug. Victoire couldn't even bring herself to tell Teddy. She didn't know how to even bring up the fact that she'd seen her best friend locking lips with their teacher.

The Defense Against the Dark Arts room was empty since everybody was at lunch, but Alexander's office door was wide open. Victoire strode inside the classroom and made her way toward the tiny office. She could hear voices coming from inside the tiny office and her suspicions were confirmed when she distinctly heard Skylar's laugh.

Victoire had never been inside any of her teacher's personal offices before. She knew that some students went to the offices to get extra help or ask questions after class. Victoire had never bothered to walk all the way to the teacher's office during their office hours.

Alexander's office was small. There was a large wooden desk that took up most of the room. The first thing Victoire noticed were the shelves of books that lined three of his walls. Piles of papers and tests that needed to be graded or handed back were stacked up on his desk and several pictures of Alexander and his family were hung up on the walls or sitting on his desk.

Alexander and Skylar were both sitting at the desk. A plate of sandwiches and two glasses of pumpkin juice sat between them. They were both laughing happily and Alexander's hand was gently resting on top of Skylar's.

Victoire cleared her throat. Alexander snatched his hand away from Skylar's. "Am I interrupting?" Victoire asked pointedly.

Sklylar looked up at Victoire in surprise and turned bright red. "Erm...no...just...I was just getting some extra help in Defense with Professor Alexander. You know how difficult that is for me."

Alexander looked at Victoire. "Is there anything I an help you with, Victoire?"

Victoire plastered a fake smile on her face. "Just looking for my book," she lied easily.

Skylar played awkwardly with sandwich. "You...erm...you lost your book?"

"That's what I said," Victoire said pleasantly.

Alexander looked around his office. "Well, I haven't seen it. I'll tell my classes to keep an eye out for it."

Victoire tore her eyes away from Skylar, who was playing nervously with the hem of her skirt, and looked at Alexander. "Thanks," she finally said.

"No problem!" Alexander nodded.

Victoire narrowed her eyes at Skylar. "I'll save you a seat in Charms," she finally said stiffly.

Skylar jumped up. "Actually, Professor Alexander and I were just finishing up. I'll walk with you."

Victoire shifted the weight of her body from one foot to the other. "Okay."

Alexander looked at Victoire. "Actually, Victoire, I was wondering if I could speak with you for a moment."

"I'll wait outside," Skylar said quickly as she grabbed her bag and walked past Victoire.

Victoire turned to face Alexander. She forced a polite smile. "Is there a problem, Professor?"

Alexander hesitated. "I'm not sure. I've noticed you've been different in class."

"My grades are fine," Victoire said automatically.

"Yes, they are," he agreed. "You just haven't been quite as...engaged in class...I was wondering if you were starting to fall behind or the pace of the class was too fast for you. I'd like to help you before the problem starts affecting your grades."

"The pace of the class is fine," she told him. "I'm not confused."

"Is there a reason you haven't been participating as much in class? You're one of my most enthusiastic students usually. Perhaps, it's a personal problem?" Alexander hesitated. "You know, you can come talk to me if something's going on. I'd be glad to help."

Victoire shook her head. "Everything's fine. I'll try...erm...I'll try harder in class."

Alexander gave her a dubious look. "Okay. I'm glad to hear that."

Victoire checked her watch. "Is that all? I really don't want to be late to class."

"Yeah. You're free to go. And I'll keep a lookout for your book."

Victoire nodded and left his tiny office. Skylar was waiting for her outside. "So, what'd he want with you?" she asked curiously.

The two girls started their walk down to the Charms classroom. "Nothing important," Victoire replied.

Skylar shrugged. "Did I miss anything at lunch?"

Victoire shook her head. "Grace and I just made plans for the Hogsmeade trip this weekend."

"Oh yeah! Teddy and Luke are coming down to visit, aren't they?"

"For a little bit, yeah," Victoire said. "Do you want to join us for lunch at the Three Broomsticks?"

"And be the awkward fifth wheel? No, thanks. I reckon I'll stay behind. I have some homework to catch up on anyway."

"You could bring a date," Victoire suggested.

Skylar snorted. "Oh, yeah? Who?"

"I heard Steven Sanders and his girlfriend broke up." Victoire shrugged. "Steven's cute."

"I'm just not looking to date anybody right now."

"So. You're just gonna hang out by yourself all day?"

Skylar shrugged. "Yeah." A small smiled tugged at the corners of her lips. "Maybe I'll have another...erm...tutoring session with Alexander."

They were both silent for a moment. Finally, Victoire turned to look at Skylar. "Skye," she said quietly, "you know you can tell me anything, right?"

Skylar grinned at her. "Course I know!" She grabbed her arm. "Come on, we should hurry up if we want to get to class on time," she said as she picked up her pace.



* * *



Victoire twirled the stream in her glass miserably. Teddy watched her, leaning back in his seat, his eyebrows raised. "I'm not saying I was expecting a party or anything, but I thought maybe you'd be a little more excited to see me."

Victoire looked up at him with the beginnings of a surprised smile on her face. "Aw, Teddy, I am excited to see you. I just...I've got a little on my mind..." she finished with a grimace.

"You wanna talk about it?"

Victoire thought about it. "Yeah," she said slowly, "but I'm not sure I can."

Teddy gave her a bemused look. "Is everything okay?"

Victoire paused for a moment before taking a deep breath. "Skylar's been keeping something a secret. Except, I accidentally found out about her secret, but she doesn't know that I know yet. I keep trying to get her to confide in me but she won't! Meanwhile, I've been carrying around this huge secret and it's making me sick to my stomach."

"What's the secret?" Teddy wondered.

"I don't think I should tell you. I mean, honestly, I probably shouldn't even know."

Teddy considered it. "Whatever she's hiding can't be that bad, can it? I mean, it's not like she's doing something illegal," he said with a small laugh.

"Eh, debatable."

"What!"

Victoire rolled her eyes. "Relax. It's not like she killed anybody."

"Is that supposed to be comforting?"

Victoire bit her lip. "Should I tell her I know?"

"It would help me to answer if I actually knew what the hell you were talking about," Teddy grumbled.

Victoire ignored him. "I want her to tell me so that I can tell her to stop it."

Teddy thought about it. "Tell her you know," he finally said. "That way you two can clear the air. You can tell her your concerns and she can hopefully explain herself. Besides, I don't think she'd be to keen on finding out that you knew her little secret all along and never said anything."

"I figured you'd say that."

Teddy smiled. "Can I say one more thing?"

"Go for it."

"That dress looking incredibly good on you. I am seriously struggling to keep my hands off you."

Victoire laughed. "Oh, shut up," she said before leaning in to kiss him.



* * *



Skylar angrily approached the group of burly Slytherins. "You know, I try to give you pricks the benefit of the doubt," she hissed, stopping in front of them.

Trey Mulkin, the only one Skylar recognized, looked at her. "You don't want to be here, Grey," he warned her.

"I mean," Skylar continued angrily, "how ignorant do you have to be to continue using the term mudblood?"

"Ah, you're talking about Susan," Trey guessed.

Skylar glared at him. "She's in the common room crying, you tossers! I have half a mind to hex your stupid arses."

A seventh year with dark hair and a scar on his upper lip chortled. He appeared to be the ringleader of their little group. "What's your name?" he asked Skylar.

"Skylar Grey," Trey reported, sounding bored. "She's in my year."

"I'm also queen of the Bat-Bogey Hex," Skylar threatened dangerously, tightening the grip around her wand.

Scar Boy lowered her wand, looking highly amused. "Relax, Skylar Grey. It was a joke. Besides, it's true, isn't it?"

"That she's a mudblood?" Skylar said angrily. She gave him a disgusted look. "Godric, you're an idiot."

Scar Boy looked at Trey, his eyebrows raised. Trey merely shrugged and said, "She's friends with the Weasleys." As if this explained it all.

"Mudblood?" Scar Boy asked.

"Excuse me?" Skylar hissed, balling her fists.

Tredy shook his head. "Nah. Half-blood."

Scar Boy made a face. He shook his head and glanced at his friends. "I don't understand why our kind insist on breeding with muggles. They're savages!"

Skylar looked ready to hit somebody. "That's my father you're talking about, you useless prat! The only savage one here is you!"

"It's a shame," Scar Boy said, shaking his head, looking Skylar up and down. "She's spunky. I could almost forgive her blood traitor tendencies but there's nothing I can do about her being half savage. It's a shame. She's pretty."

"What did you say?" Skylar snarled. "You must be deranged if you think I'd even consider being with you!"

"I could protect you," he said. His friends behind him smirked as if they were in on some secret. "It's getting dangerous for your kind outside the walls of Hogwarts."

Skylar took a step forward. Her face was merely centimeters from Scar Boy. "It's going to hurt you know," she said in a low, alluring voice.

"What is?"

"This," Skylar said forcefully before kneeing him painfully on the crotch. He let out a cry of pain.

"Marcus!" His friends exclaimed, sounding alarmed.

"That was for my friend, Susan. And this is for my dad," Skylar said before punching his squarely in the nose with all the force she could muster. Skylar was suddenly thankful for all the morning push-ups she did religiously. In front of her, Marcus cursed, grabbing his nose as blood ran down his nose and stained his lips and fingers.

"Marcus, are you alright?" his friends asked in astonishment. Some of them were staring at Skylar in horror as if everything Marcus had said about her being a savage had indeed been correct. Trey, who was the only one familiar with Skylar, just shook his head grimly as if fully suspecting she'd do something like this.

Skylar took a step back. She gave Marcus her most dazzling smile and flipped her hard back. "I'll see you boys around," she said in a dangerously sweet voice.

Trey shook his head. "You shouldn't have done that, Skye," she said quietly.

Skylar blinked, looking at Trey. She's known Trey for years. They'd worked on assignments together and even been to a few of the same parties. Skylar had never suspected Trey would turn out like the stereotype most Slytherins fell into. Skylar just shook her head before turning around and marching away.

"You picked the losing side!" Marcus shouted after her. "Your kind's in danger. You'll regret treating me this way!"

Skylar ignored him and continued down the hallway.



* * *



"Muggle dueling?" Grace exclaimed for the hundredth time in the same angry, exasperated voice. Her hands were trembling, not from fear, but from anger.

Skylar had been sitting alone in the Headmaster's office, awaiting the Headmaster to finish conferring with Marcus and the other students. She's been sitting there for several minutes, imagining what sort of punishment was in store for her, when Victoire and Grace had snuck inside after hearing rumors of what had happened.

Skylar was sitting in the large armchair in front of the Headmaster's desk, watching Grace pace back and forth. Victoire stood silently in the doorway, her expression torn between worry and amusement.

"You could get suspended!" Grace exclaimed, suddenly turning to face Skylar. "What were thinking?"

Skylar crossed her arms stubbornly. "I'll take any punishment they give me gladly. It was worth punching that git's smug little face."

Victoire bit back a laugh. Grace glared at her. "You realize Marcus isn't getting punished, don't? You're the one in trouble. I swear, you just don't think sometimes, Skylar."

Victoire finally spoke up. "Relax, Gracie. They'll probably just give her detention."

"It was worth it," Skylar said with a shrug.

Grace shook her head angrily.

"Ms. Weasley? Ms. Rhodes?" The Headmaster had finally made his way back to the office and was looking at Grace and Victoire in confusion. "Did we have a meeting?"

"We were just leaving," Victoire said suddenly, her voice sweet and charming. "Sorry, Headmaster." She suddenly froze, spotting Alexander standing behind the Headmaster. "Professor Alexander?" she sputtered. "What are you doing here?"

Skylar suddenly straightened up and she met Alexander's gaze with a small, grateful smile.

"Ms. Weasley, I really must speak with Ms. Grey. Now, you and Ms. Rhodes run along. This is a private meeting." The Headmaster stepped aside, motioning for the girls to leave.

Victoire and Grace exchanged looks before filing out of the office. Skylar sighed and stood up. "Headmaster, I'm not going to apologize for punching Marcus. He was using extremely offensive language."

"I will deal with what Mr. Quincey said with him," the Headmaster said severely. "However, you must understand that Hogwarts does not tolerate physical violence or any form of dueling, whether it be muggle or magical. Are we understood?"

"Fine," Skylar said stiffly after Alexander nodded encouragingly at her. "No more violence."

"Good. Now we can talk about a proper punishment," the Headmaster continued swiftly, checking his watch. Clearly, he had more important things to be dealing with. "I will be writing to your parents to inform them of what happened. I want you to write the school a letter of apology for breaking the rules." He paused, allowing the new information to sink in. "Now, Professor Bennett has offered to supervise your detentions, which are every Saturday night for the next month. He needs some work done and you will be helping him. Grading papers, filing, all that..."

Skylar looked at Alexander. "Really?" she asked, trying to hide her relief.

"There better not be a second occurrence of this, Ms. Grey," the Headmaster said sternly. "Next time, I doubt Professor Bennett will be able to convince me to go so easy on you. Now, I'll give you two a few minutes to discuss detention. I'm sure you want to know what you'll be doing tonight and what time you should arrive at his office to serve your first detention." He left his office, saying something about needing to go find Mr. Quincey at the Hospital Wing, leaving Skylar alone with Alexander.

"So," Skylar said once he was gone, "you convinced him to go easy on me?"

Alexander sighed. "Of course. I wasn't gonna let them punish my girl for defending her friend. Besides, it sounds like those tossers deserved it. I would've done the same thing, punching that idiot." He kissed her forehead. "Just try not to go around punching anybody else. I'm not sure I can protect you a second time."

"No promises," Skylar muttered darkly, thinking of all the hexes she wanted to try out on Marcus and his gang of buffoons.



* * *



"Wow," Grace said impressively. "Thank Godric for Professor Alexander." Now that Skylar was no longer in danger of getting expelled, Grace had finally calmed down and relaxed a bit. She even let out a small laugh, hearing Skylar recount the story of how she punched Marcus Quincey to all the Gryffindors in the common room that evening.

"Yeah, he's brilliant," Skylar agreed, a small flush creeping up her neck. "Detention with him after dinner every Saturday for the next month."

"So, it starts next week?" Grace asked, digging through her trunk.

"No. Tonight after dinner." Skylar shrugged. "I don't mind, though."

"And you know he'll go easy on you," Grace added, pulling out a heavy looking book.

Skylar looked at Victoire. She'd been extremely quiet all evening. She was perched neatly on the edge of her bed, staring at the small window, looking lost in thought. She barely even noticed when Grace left the room, saying something about lending Marcia Hennessy a book.

Skylar smiled, looking at Victoire. "So, how was Teddy? I imagine it must been brilliant to see him today."

Victoire turned to look at Skylar. She was silent for a moment before finally saying, "Skylar, I know."

Skylar furrowed her eyebrows. "Know what?"

Victoire met her eyes with an intense gaze. "You and Alexander," she said clearly. "I know."

Sighing, Victoire stood up and left the room, leaving Skylar all alone in the dormitory, staring ahead, her mouth slightly opened, stunned.





Dirty Little Secret


I'll keep you my dirty little secret

Don't tell anyone or you'll be just another regret

My dirty little secret

-The All-American Rejects



* * *



Skylar stood outside the Ancient Runes classroom, two cups of tea in her hands. She paced back and forth in front of the wooden double doors. Through the thick doors, she could hear the muffled sounds of a woman—presumably, the teacher—speaking. Skylar sighed, tapping her foot impatiently. Finally, the loud school bells rang and a moment later the double doors burst open and students spilled out. Skylar spotted Victoire instantly. She was in the middle of the crowd of students, talking to a tall girl with red hair. Her silvery blonde hair was swishing behind her as she tilted her head back and laughed.

"Victoire!" Skylar called out a little too eagerly.

Victoire, having heard her name, turned her head sideways. When she spotted Skylar, a weary expression crossed her face. She said something to the redheaded girl before turning and walking toward Skylar.

"I brought you tea!" Skylar said enthusiastically as Victoire approached.

"Thanks," Victoire said less enthusiastically, taking the cup.

"So, how was class?" she asked, smiling brightly.

Victoire looked at her. "Good," she replied, guarded.

Skylar nodded. "So, where's Gracie? She takes Ancient Runes too, right?"

Victoire shifted her cup of tea from one hand to the other. "She's speaking with the teacher."

"Oh." Skylar racked her brain for something else to say. She was suddenly discouraged. Victoire's tone was quiet, distant. She hadn't been this withdrawn with Skylar since she'd returned from Beauxbaton Academy the year before. "You're mad," Skylar guessed.

Victoire didn't say anything.

"Come on, Vic! Talk to me!"

Victoire took a deep breath. "I'm not mad," she finally said.

"No?"

"I'm just…processing."

"Processing," Skylar repeated flatly.

Victoire glanced back. "Listen, thanks for the tea, but I have to go. Arithmancy starts in five minutes."

Skylar sighed, watching Victoire turn and walk away. Victoire had been avoiding her for a week ever since she'd revealed that she knew all about Skylar's secret relationship with Alexander.

"Skye? What are you doing here?"

Skylar turned around to find Grace standing before her. Her dark brown hair had been pulled back into a neat braid and her clothes were as freshly pressed as ever.

"Just came by to say hi," Skylar muttered, glancing back once more at Victoire's retreating figure.

Grace smiled. "Vic didn't wait for me, huh? She always gets so annoyed because I insist on talking to the teacher afterwards. We're late to Arithmancy nearly every day." She shrugged. "Walk me to class?"

Skylar nodded. At least she had one friend speaking to her.



* * *



Victoire leaned back against the love seat and wrapped her arms around her legs. She'd been struggling to understand how Skylar could do something so stupid and keep it a secret from all of them. Not only was she endangering Alexander's job at Hogwarts, but she was also endangering her own future at Hogwarts. What would people say if they ever found out?

Her Witch Mirror buzzed and Victoire reached inside her backpack to retrieve it.

"Please tell me you have my blue jacket," Teddy said breathlessly.

"It's upstairs with my stuff," Victoire told him, blinking. "I stole it over winter break."

Teddy looked relieved. "Thank Godric. Can you send it back? My grandma gave it to me and she wants me to wear it to dinner tomorrow night. She keeps asking why I don't wear it more."

"Did you tell her it was because your girlfriend stole it?" Victoire asked.

"No." He furrowed his eyebrows. "Why did you take it."

She shrugged. "It was comfy. Plus, it smelled like you."

Teddy grinned. "So, you miss me, huh?"

"A little. Not as much as my other boyfriends."

"Are they letting you come back for Easter Break?"

Victoire nodded. "Thankfully. I need to get away from Skylar."

"Things still weird between you guys?" Teddy asked.

"Yeah." Victoire frowned, hearing a muffled voice in the background. She squinted her eyes. "Who's that?" she asked Teddy.

"Finn," Teddy replied, distracted. He was no longer looking at the Mirror but straight ahead. "Mate, you're kidding." He groaned, looking back at Victoire. "The dogs have been chewing all the furniture," he told her, shaking his head.

"When did Finn get back? I thought he was still on tour with S."

"He got back late last night. The season starts tomorrow."

The mirror blurred and a second later Finn's face appeared. "Hey, Vic!" He beamed. "How's it going?"

Finn's light brown hair had grown a shaggier since the last time Victoire had seen him, but his light blue eyes and easy smile were still the same. "Pretty good. It's been kinda boring without you, though."

"Yeah?"

"No crazy pranks, wild parties…it's almost like a normal school…"

Finn sighed, shaking his head. "And here I thought James and Fred would be there to let my legacy live on." He shook his head and turned to look at Teddy. "We need to talk to those two. Clearly, they're not causing enough trouble."

Teddy snorted. "Clearly."

Victoire looked up in time to see Skylar climb through the portrait hole. "Listen, I've got to go," Victoire said suddenly.

"Okay. I'll talk to you before bed," Teddy promised her before disappearing off the mirror.

Victoire quickly stuffed the mirror back into her bag and jumped up, attempting to make her escape. Skylar still hadn't spotted her and was looking around the common room. When she spotted Victoire, she sighed. "Trying to run away from me?"

Victoire shook her head. "Just heading down to dinner."

"Dinner doesn't start for another hour," Skylar reminded her.

"I want to get a good seat."

Skylar rolled her eyes. "We have to talk about this."

Victoire took a deep breath. "Look, Skye, if you're worried about me telling somebody, don't worry. I haven't. And I don't plan on telling anybody any time soon."

Skylar blinked, surprised. "Oh, okay…" There was an awkward pause. "I still think we should talk about it, though. You must have so many questions."

Victoire pursed her lips. "You don't want to hear my questions."

"Yes, I do! Please, yell at me. Call me an idiot! Do anything. I can't stand you ignoring me like this."

Victoire surveyed her warily. "Skye, I'm not ready to do this yet."

"Why not?"

Victoire glared at her. "When I talk to you about this, I want to be calm and understanding. Right now, I am neither of those things. I think you are risking your entire education and not to mention your reputation for somebody who's probably just using you. So, I'm a little frustrated and angry with you right now. Just let me be angry."

Skylar looked taken aback. "Well," she said slowly, "it's not like that. He's not taking advantage of me."

"Well, then, you're still an idiot. Risking everything for him." Victoire shook her head. "I have to go."

"Wait, I want to explain!" Skylar protested. "We can't leave it at this."

"I don't want to hear any explanations," Victoire hissed. "I want you to stop what you're doing and use your head for once."

Skylar stared at her. "You sound like Grace."

"Well, somebody has to have some sense!" Victoire snapped before stomping away.

Skylar watched her go, her stomach tightening.

"Hey, what's going on?" Danielle said cheerfully, spotting Skylar.

Skylar blinked, turning to face Danielle. "Erm…Victoire…she's mad at me."

Danielle looked surprised. "Really? Why's that?"

"She doesn't approve of one of my relationships." Skylar sighed. "But she doesn't know the full story."

Danielle nodded slowly. "So, you are seeing somebody."

Skylar shrugged. "Sort of."

"Why doesn't Victoire approve?"

"She thinks he's taking advantage of me."

"Is he?"

Skylar shook her head. "Absolutely not. He's the sweetest guy I know."

Danielle narrowed her eyes. "Who is this guy?"

"Nobody. Listen, you reckon you can talk to Vic? She listens to you. She respects you."

"No way. I'm not getting in the middle. Chris was always getting in the middle and it always got him into trouble." Danielle shook her head. "He spent half his life trying to get Victoire and Teddy together. I swear, he sabotaged most of Victoire's relationships just so she'd reconsider being with Teddy."

Skylar cracked a small smile. "I remember that."

"Anyway, Victoire will come around. She doesn't usually get mad easily and she can't ever stay mad. Whenever she's ready to talk to you, she will."

"And what if she doesn't come around?"

"She will," Danielle assured her.



* * *



Victoire leaned against her favorite tree. Everybody was inside the Great Hall having dinner, but for some reason Victoire found herself walking toward the Great Lake. She sighed, reaching into her bag and taking out a cigarette pack. "It's been a while, old friend," she muttered before pulling one out.

"You sure you want to smoke that?" Danielle asked disapprovingly.

Victoire lit it. "It's been a long day."

"Is this about your fight with Skylar?" She took a seat beside Victoire.

"It wasn't a fight. Skylar's just such an idiot sometimes."

Danielle smiled wryly. "Christopher used to say the same thing about you. He hated some of the guys you dated. But nothing he said would keep you away from any of your boyfriends."

Victoire took a drag. "It's not that simple. The 'guy' Skylar is dating…he's not…it's different…" She was struggling to make Danielle understand how toxic the relationship was without actually telling her any details. Nobody could ever find out about Skylar and Alexander. Victoire at least knew that much.

Danielle furrowed her eyebrows. "Yeah? How?"

VIctoire hesitated. "Their relationship…it's just wrong…"

"Buy you can't be the one to interfere. Christopher did that to you and it never worked. You dated who you wanted to date. And when you were ready to be with Teddy like Chris always wanted, you did it on your own time. It had nothing to do with him. And in the end, you made the right decision."

"You think I should back off and let Skye date who she wants to date and make her own mistakes and all that rubbish?" Victoire looked at her. "Fine. But what happens when she gets hurt, which she will by the way."

'You don't know that."

"Yes, I do," Victoire muttered. If anybody were to ever find out about Skylar and Alexander, she'd be the laughing stock of the school. Her name would be in all the magazines and newspapers. And if nobody were to ever find out about them, Skylar would still get hurt. She could never have a real relationship with him. She could never introduce him to her friends or her family. She couldn't ever go out in public with him or tell anybody about him. "I can guarantee she'll get hurt."

"Well, then, let her get hurt." Danielle shrugged. "She has to make her own mistakes."

Victoire considered this. "Is that what Chris would've done?"

"No, he would've stuck his big nose in your business and you would've done the opposite of what he wanted because you're a stubborn brat."

"Skye's also a stubborn brat," Victoire grumbled. "She'd never listen to me."

"Then don't make her."

Victoire took another drag of her cigarette, lost in her thoughts.



* * *



Skylar checked her watch. It was almost two in the morning and she was sitting all alone in the common room, waiting for Victoire to return. After she'd stormed off earlier in the evening, Skylar kept waiting for her to come back so they could talk. But Victoire had disappeared for hours. She was nowhere to be seen at dinner and never returned to the common room or dormitory for bed. Skylar sighed. She was about to give up and go to bed when the portrait hole swung open, the Fat Lady grumbling about being awoken at all hours of the night. Victoire was climbing through, smelling slightly of smoke and cigarettes. She spotted Skylar on the couch and sighed warily. "I was hoping you'd be asleep," Victoire told her.

Skylar shrugged. "I don't like it when you're mad at me. You never get mad."

"I'm not mad," Victoire sighed. She sat down beside Skylar. "I'm just…worried…"

"You don't think I'm a slag?"

"Because you're sleeping with your teacher? Skye, you snogged all three Shoemaker brothers in one night."

"I didn't know they were brothers!" she exclaimed. "Godric, will anybody ever let that go?"

"Considering they didn't talk to each other for months, I doubt it."

"Well, they got over it eventually."

Victoire rolled her eyes. "The point is, I didn't judge you for that. I'm not going to judge you for screwing just one guy, even if he is your teacher. Frankly, that's an improvement for you. At least it's not three."

Skylar glared at her. "Somehow that does not make me feel better."

Victoire bit her lip. "I just don't want you getting hurt."

"Alex would never hurt me."

"Alex is your teacher," Victoire pointed out. "How the hell did he let this happen?"

"I was really pushy," Skylar admitted. "He really fought it."

Victoire raised her eyebrows. "How long has this been going on? How did this even start?"

Skylar gulped. "Do you remember last summer…I told you about that guy I met?"

"In Spain?" Victoire remembered. "Yeah, but you said it was over. You said you left and never told him."

"I did," Skylar said. "I thought I would never see or hear from him again."

"And you did?"

"I did because it turned out he's my teacher."

Victoire's eyes widened. "Professor Alexander was the guy you were seeing over the summer?"

Skylar nodded miserably. "I tried so hard to ignore how I felt about him. I really did. We agreed that we would just pretend what we had over the summer never happened and would have a regular student-teacher relationship."

"So, what happened?"

"I fell in love with him," Skylar said simply.

Victoire nearly choked. "I'm sorry?"

"I love him," Skylar repeated. "I have never felt this way about anybody. I thought I loved Teddy but I realized what I felt for Teddy wasn't even close to what I feel for Alex."

Victoire blinked. "Skye, you can't be serious."

"I love him, Vic."

Victoire groaned. "Dammit, Skye! Couldn't you fall in love with a nice boy at Hogwarts. You know, somebody your own age who you're actually allowed to have a relationship with."

"Tell me about it," Skylar murmured.

"Well, now I can't give you my speech."

"What speech?"

Victoire sighed. "The one where I told you that this was a mistake and you're going to get hurt. And you're putting your entire reputation at stake. And if people were to find out, Alexander could lose his job or you could get kicked out of school. Not to mention, the whole it's against the rules thing so you could never go out in public with him or go on a date with him or just hold his hand in front of people." Victoire groaned. "Now, you'll never listen. Not if you're in love with him."

"Why do you say that?"

Victoire smiled wryly. "Because I would never listen to you if you told me to end things with Teddy."

"Of course you wouldn't. You love him." Skylar gave her a sudden smile. "Does this mean you approve?"

"Hell no." Victoire rolled her eyes. "I think this is the dumbest thing you've ever done and you're going to get hurt. I have no doubt about that."

"Well, thanks a lot."

"But I'm not going to stop you. It's not my place. You've got to make your own mistakes."

"So, you think Alex is a mistake?" Skylar said slowly.

"Yeah, I do."

"Well, I don't."

Victoire shrugged. "Then, I guess you do what you gotta do. I'm not going to stop you."

Skylar looked surprised. "Really?"

"You're my best friend. I have to support you no matter how stupid I think you're being. Hopefully I'm wrong and you won't get hurt. But if you do get hurt, I'll be right here."

"I won't get hurt," Skylar said confidently. "Alexander and I…it's just right, you know?"

Victoire thought of Teddy. "I know the feeling."

Skylar straightened up. "But you can't tell Grace."

"Are you kidding? I'm not going to tell her! Do I look like I have a death wish?" Victoire shuddered, imagining Grace's reaction if she ever found out about Skylar and Alexander.

Skylar looked relieved. "Good."

"But you have to let me tell Teddy. It's killing me keeping this from him."

"No way. Teddy will get all crazy protective. And he'll tell Finn. And Finn will march down to the school and punch Alex."

"You want me to keep a secret from the love of my life?" Victoire said dramatically.

"Love of your life?" Skylar rolled her eyes. "Oh, please. Two years ago you weren't even speaking to Teddy."

"Well, no. I was with Pierre."

"Oh, yeah! The French cutie."

Victoire smiled dreamily. "Such a good kisser."

"Better than Teddy?"

"I am not answering that."

"If you answer it, I'll let you tell Teddy about Alex."

VIctoire rolled her eyes. "You are so immature."

"Well?"

Victoire sighed, thinking about it. "Teddy," she said decisively. "He's the best kisser. You can vouch for that."

Skylar grimaced. "Yeah. He actually was a pretty good kisser. Godric, I hate that I know that."

"You dated him first."

Skylar shuddered. "Don't remind me."





Afterlife


When the world is breaking down around you

Taking everything that you know

What you didn't know

Is that we can go forever if we want to

We can live inside of a moment

The one that we own

-Ingrid Michaelson



* * *



Victoire sighed, leaning against the doorway. Finn and Teddy were fast asleep on the couch, even though they'd promised her they weren't tired. Sienna was in the kitchen behind her, plates and silverware clattering as she got started on the large pile of dishes neither of the boys had bothered to clean and put away in weeks. They were all home for Easter Break, enjoying the first wave of warm weather of the season. Except Victoire felt like she spent more time watching Teddy sleep than anything else.

When Teddy had gone to pick her up from King's Cross, Victoire had noticed the dark circles under his eyes and how much thinner he'd gotten over the few months since Christmas Break. She had just figured he'd just had a rough night's sleep and chalked it up to being a one time thing; however, the more time she spent with Teddy, the more concerned she'd gotten. Work was starting to get to him. He hardly had any time to sleep or eat a proper meal, he hardly had any days off, he was constantly being called into work or if not worrying about work.

"You're overworking him," Victoire had berated her uncle Harry, who she had to admit looked even worse than Teddy.

Harry had just smiled at her apologetically and shrugged. "Don't tell me. Tell those bloody death eaters who keep stirring up trouble."

Harry hadn't been wrong. Victoire, being protected behind the magnificent walls of Hogwarts, had not realized how dangerous the outside world had become. News of more attacks came on a daily basis. Curfews were being enforced by the ministry. Kids were no longer allowed to go out and play by themselves. Diagon Alley looked more like a ghost town with each passing day.

"It's not so bad," Bill had explained to her. She had gone into town with her dad and Dominique to shop for a new cauldron for Potions class. Both Victoire and Dominique had been horrified to find how empty the town that was once bursting with people looked. The few people that had gone to shop kept their distance from everybody else and got in and out of stores quickly. "It just depends the time of day you go," Bill said. "Mornings aren't so bad. The afternoon has a decent amount of people. It's really nighttime that most people stay away. Then again, that attack on Gringotts really had some people freaked out. Three people were killed."

"But Gringotts is supposed to be safe," Dominique had said, her eyes going wide with fear.

"Nowhere's safe anymore," Bill had muttered darkly. "Not if you're a muggleborn."

Victoire had struggled to adjust to no longer living during the Golden Era. Times were moving backwards, heading to what most people were calling a return to the Dark Ages.

"People constantly living in fear, innocents getting attacked, heroes being overworked…" The normally cheerful waitress at the Leaky Cauldron had shook her head gravely. "It's like You-Know-Who all over again."

Victoire wasn't sure what to think. If the Dark Ages was quickly returning again, what did that mean for her friends and family. The Weasley family was the biggest known blood traitors of the century! Surely, they'd be targets…

"Nah," Teddy had reassured her the night before with a smile. "Harry and Ron have this family crazy protected. You have no idea."

Still, as Victoire stood there watching a worn out Teddy fast asleep on the couch, she worried that while Teddy and Harry were working hard to protect everybody, who was their to protect them? Teddy looked like he hadn't slept in weeks and Harry looked even worse. Victoire shuddered to think of what might become of them in a few more weeks.

Sienna came up behind her, clucking her tongue impatiently when she saw the two boys snoring on the couch. "I told Finn he shouldn't have waited up for me last night."

Victoire glanced sideways at Sienna. She had returned to Britain for a few days to spend the Easter holidays with Finn and her family. She had arrived late last night and Finn had insisted on waiting for her, despite his crazy training schedule. "He barely got any sleep," Sienna revealed. "And his workouts with the team have been insane." She shook her head. "I don't know how he's been doing it."

"Should we just let them sleep?" Victoire wondered.

Sienna smiled. "I think so. They need it more than we do." She turned around and walked back to the kitchen. Victoire followed her. Finn's dogs were lying on the floor lazily. Their tails wagged eagerly when they spotted Sienna and Victoire. "So, did Finn ever finally decide on names for his dogs?" Victoire asked, realizing she'd just been calling the dogs 'puppy' all week.

"No." Sienna snorted. "But he left to go on tour with me, so in the end, it was Teddy that named them."

"Really?"

"Bear." Sienna pointed to the dog on the left. "And shadow." She moved her finger to point to the dog on the left. "Finn still keeps trying to change their names, but it's too late. It's what they answer to."

"Bear and Shadow," Victoire repeated. "I like it."

Sienna smiled. "Just remind me to never let Finn name our future kid. The kid'll have an identity crisis before he even learns to speak."

Victoire snorted. "No kidding."

"So, since they're asleep, what do you reckon we do for dinner?" Sienna wondered.

"Well, don't look at me. I'd burn water if that were possible."

Sienna bit her lip. "It's times like these I miss my mother's chef."

"You had a chef growing up!" Victoire said incredulously.

"Several. My mother's ridiculous dietary needs meant our chefs never lasted more than a few months."

"How is your mum?" Victoire asked.

Sienna sighed. "Still driving me crazy."

"She's gotten better, though, hasn't she?"

Sienna thought about it. "She's brilliant as my manager. As my mum, not so much."

Victoire was about to respond when she spotted Finn and Teddy walking into the kitchen. "You guys woke up!" she exclaimed.

Sienna looked over at them guiltily. "Were we being too loud? Did we wake you?"

"No, but you should have," Finn grumbled, pulling her forward. "I have limited days with you. We're supposed to be making the most of it."

"Finn, you're tired," Sienna said seriously. "You need sleep. It's important."

"I can sleep at night."

"Well, I had other plans for us tonight," Sienna said with a wink. "Ones that involve very little actual sleeping."

Teddy made a face. "Ugh. Please tell me you two will be at Sienna's place, then."

Finn ignored him and kissed Sienna. "How did I find the perfect girl?"

Victoire and Teddy exchanged disgusted looks.



* * *



Grace perched on the edge of the couch. She looked around the small living room, her eyes resting on the wall of pictures in front of her. Photographs of Heidi and her dad on their wedding day, photographs of Heidi several months pregnant, a picture of the two of them on the beach, pictures of Grace and Henry throughout their childhood. Mainly, though, the wall consisted of pictures of the baby. Her round, smiling face beamed up at Grace.

Caroline was a cute baby, Grace had to admit. She had sparkling blue eyes and curly blonde hair. Her skin was pale and soft.

She looked nothing like either Grace or Henry. Caroline looked like Heidi. From the hair texture to the eye color, she was all Heidi. Grace, like her brother, had been born with extremely thick, dark brown hair and olive skin. Grace had startling green eyes and Henry had dark brown eyes. They shared the same nose and hair texture. Even their ears were similar. But Caroline? She didn't even look related to them.

Upstairs, she could hear soft whispers and the sound of a cooing baby. Grace sighed and checked her watch. She'd promised her mother two hours. That was it. Just two hours.

When Grace had shown up thirty minutes earlier at her father's doorstep with Henry, Heidi had nearly shrieked with delight. She had answered the door in her sweats, holding the baby in her arms.

"Grace, you came!" she gasped. "Honey," she called over her shoulder, "Grace is here!"

Her father, Jim Rhodes, could hardly contain himself with excitement when he spotted Grace. They'd ushered her inside, forcing her onto the large couch in the living room, talking loudly about how excited they were she was here. Not long after, Caroline, who had been deposited in her crib, woke up and began screaming. Heidi had hurried upstairs to retrieve her and Jim followed soon after to help. Henry had disappeared to the bathroom and Grace was left alone in the living room.

"Where'd everybody go?" Henry asked once he returned.

Grace, who had been quiet all evening, choosing instead to just listen politely as her dad and stepmother talked incessantly, nodded upstairs. "Baby," she replied.

Henry nodded. "Oh." He sat down beside Grace awkwardly. After a long moment of silence, he turned to look at her. "Hey, thanks for coming."

"What?"

Henry shrugged. "I know coming here was hard for you…so thanks for coming. I know Dad appreciates it."

"I didn't do it for Dad," Grace muttered.

"No?"

"I did it for Mum." Grace checked her watch again. "Dad doesn't deserve anything."

Henry shrugged. "Fair enough." He looked at her pityingly, almost as if he felt bad for her, holding in so much anger for so long. "But he's still Dad."

Heidi and Jim were coming down the stairs now. Caroline was in Heidi's arms, looking happy and well-rested. "Grace," Heidi said dramatically, holding out the baby for her to see, "I want you to meet your baby sister. Caroline."

Grace peered at the baby. "I met her already. At the hospital."

"Oh, but that didn't count," Heidi said with a small laugh. She placed the baby easily on Grace's lap. Grace looked down at the baby she was suddenly holding, startled.

"She loves you!" Heidi beamed.

Jim smiled. "I wish I had the camera."

Henry made googly faces at the baby. "Her hair's really growing out," he said, looking impressed.

Heidi nodded gravely. "This girl will be one hairy beast."

Grace rocked the baby on her lap awkwardly. "I'm not great with kids," she admitted. "That's Vic's territory."

"How is Victoire doing?" Jim asked politely. "And Skylar?"

"Good," Grace replied without elaborating.

Jim nodded. There was an awkward silence.

"So," Heidi said, "Grace, did you do anything fun for your seventeenth birthday?"

"Vic and Skye threw me a little party in the common room," Grace answered. "And Luke surprised me with a visit."

"You and Lucas are still dating?" Jim asked. "Your mother mentioned you two had gone your separate ways."

Henry shook his head. "Nah. They got back together over Christmas break. I told you they would, remember?"

"He's treating you okay?" Jim asked severely.

"Better than you treated Mum," Grace replied, handing Heidi the baby back. Jim blinked, taken aback. "Then again," Grace said, "that's not really saying much."

"She also got her apparating license!" Henry said quickly, shooting Grace a look.

"That's wonderful!" Heidi gushed. "You know, it took me two tries to get my license. I left a nail behind the first time."

Grace nodded and looked around the living room once more. She spotted a pink bunny lying at the foot of the stairs. "Hey, my bunny!" she said suddenly.

Heidi glanced back. "Oh, yeah. Caroline loves that thing. I swear, it's the only thing that calms her down most days. You really nailed it with that gift."

"Grace was the same way with her white bunny," Jim remembered with a small smile. "Aimee and I would be at our wits end, wondering why the hell she was crying so much. And it was all because of that ruddy bunny. It was all she wanted."

"Looks like somebody has something in common with her big sister," Heidi said to Caroline, tickling her stomach. Caroline let out a small giggle, her blue eyes lighting up as she did so.

Grace felt a lump in her throat all of sudden and she stood up abruptly. "Erm…do you mind if I get some water?"

"In the kitchen," Jim said, showing her the way. "Grace, I gotta say, I'm really glad you came by. I think this is an important first step in repairing our relationship." He opened the cabinet doors and reached for a cup.

Grace stared at him. "What?"

Jim grabbed the pitcher of water and began pouring it into a glass for her. "I'm not saying things will automatically go back to how they were before," Jim continued. "I know it'll take work for us to rebuild our relationship. And I think it's important you start to get to know Heidi and your baby sister. We're all family now." He gave her a hopeful smile.

Grace blinked. "I'm not here to repair our relationship, Dad," she said slowly.

Jim set down the glass of water he was about to hand her. "What?"

"I'm only here because Mum begged me to come. Dad, I don't intend on having a relationship with either you or Heidi. I only came here today because I knew it would mean a lot to Mum and I was curious as to what the baby was like. That doesn't mean I forgive you or I want anything to do with you. Truthfully, I just came to say my goodbyes."

"Goodbyes?"

"Dad, I'm seventeen now. I'm legally an adult. You and Mum can't force me to come here anymore and pretend to be civil. I reckon this is the last time we'll be seeing each other for a long time." Grace grabbed the glass of water from the counter. "Thanks for the water," she said before turning around and walking back to the living room. Jim stared after her, looking thunderstruck.



* * *



Teddy gaped at Victoire. "The Defense teacher," he repeated for what felt like the hundredth time.

"That's what I said," Victoire replied with a small sigh.

They were sitting on Teddy's bed after having said their goodbyes to Sienna and Finn, who were spending the night at Sienna's apartment. Teddy and Victoire had retreated to the bedroom, where Victoire had finally spilled the beans on Skylar and Professor Alexander.

"You can't tell anybody, though," Victoire warned him. "Not even Finn."

Teddy leaned back against his pillow. "What is she thinking? Has she gone completely mental!"

Victoire sighed. "I know. But there's nothing we can do."

"Nothing we can do?" Teddy laughed humorlessly. "I have half a mind to lock her in the Astronomy Tower for the remainder of the school year."

"Trust me, I considered that," Victoire told him.

"Then what the hell happened? How are you so calm about this?"

Victoire shrugged. "Like I said, there's nothing I can do. Skye's gonna do what she wants to do, no matter what I say."

Teddy shook his head. "I think I should talk to her."

"You can try," Victoire muttered.

"I reckon I can get through to her. I once convinced Finn to eat eleven bananas in a row. He spent the entire night throwing up."

"That is so not the same thing." Victoire shook her head.

"I can be very persuasive," Teddy told her. "I convinced you to go out with me, didn't I?"

"It only took you fifteen years."

"It still happened, didn't it?"

Victoire sighed. "Fine. Talk to her. But it won't change her mind. She's in love with him."

Teddy looked like somebody had knocked the wind out of him. "Love?" he said weakly.

"Yep."

"Aw, man. This is bad."

"No kidding," Victoire murmured, checking her watch.

Teddy looked at her. "Do you have to leave soon?"

"My mum wants me home by midnight," she replied.

"But that's in thirty minutes!" he protested.

Victoire shrugged. "I'll come by tomorrow."

Teddy pulled her onto his lap and slipped his arm around her waist. "Can't you sneak out after your parents have gone to bed? Use the floo network! I'll wait up for you."

Victoire shook her head. "No way. You have to be up early tomorrow and you're already exhausted as it is."

"But the week's almost over and I haven't gotten to spend nearly as much time with you as I'd hoped," Teddy complained.

Victoire smiled, giving him a sweet kiss. "I know."

"Your really won't sneak out?"

"I can't risk it. You need your sleep."

Teddy sighed dramatically. "Fine. But prepare yourself, Victoire Weasley. You are mine all weekend. I don't work this weekend. So, from Friday night until Sunday morning when you have to take the train back, you are all mine. You are not leaving this house."

"Are you planning on holding me captive?" Victoire said with a small laugh.

"Absolutely. I might even sabotage your return to Hogwarts and make you miss the train."

Victoire raised her eyebrows at him. "You know there are other ways to get to Hogwarts."

Teddy smiled. "Yeah…you know, Harry and Ron missed the train one time. And you know what they did? They took Grandpa Weasley's enchanted car and fucking flew the car to Hogwarts."

Victoire stared at him. "You're joking."

"Nope! They were twelve."

She laughed. "Merlin, that's insane."

Teddy nodded and kissed her. "Hey, but I'm serious about this weekend. Tell your parents you're spending the weekend with Skylar or something."

Victoire wrapped her arms around Teddy's neck. "You and me here this weekend, all alone? What ever will we do?"

"I've got some ideas," Teddy murmured before kissing her.





In Too Deep


Cause I'm in too deep, and I'm trying to keep,

Up above in my head, instead of going under.

Cause I'm in too deep, and I'm trying to keep,

Up above in my head, instead of going under.

Instead of going under.

-Sum 41



* * *



Victoire looked down at the unconscious body lying at her feet. She sighed and looked up at Skylar. It was nearly two in the morning and they were standing alone in a dark corridor. "What the hell did you do?" Victoire finally said, shaking her head.

Skylar looked down at the body lying in between them and grimaced. "Well," she said after a short pause, "it's a long story."



* * *



Easter Break had gone by much too quickly. At least in Skylar's opinion. She'd only gotten one week with her dad and that was not nearly enough time. They were standing in front of the Hogwarts Express, listening as families scurried all around them, saying their goodbyes. Owls hooted all around and cats could be seen streaking across the train station, searching for some peace and quiet. Skylar stood in front of her dad, clutching her large purse. Her father, Jonathan, was holding all her luggage.

"So, I guess this is it," he finally said, setting down her belongings.

Skylar looked at the train. "I guess so."

Jonathan sighed. "The rest of the year will go by in a flash. Pretty soon, you'll be back home with me and we can finally take that summer vacation to the beach we've been talking about for years."

Skylar gave him a sad smile. "Sounds like a plan, Dad." She stepped forward, giving him a long hug. He kissed the top of her head, told her to be good, and left.

Skylar watched him leave, a wistful smile on her face. She noticed somebody else watching her dad. Marcus Quincey. His big meaty hands were balled into fists and his eyes were narrowed as he watched Jonathan leave the train station. Skylar held her breath, wondering why Marcus had developed a sudden interest in her dad. Finally, his hands relaxed and Marcus turned around, joining the other Slytherins in whatever asinine conversation they were probably having. Skylar shook her head, telling herself she was being paranoid, and bent down to retrieve her duffel bag.

"Need help, Grey?"

Skylar looked up to find Teddy smiling at her. Victoire was standing behind him, beaming. Skylar eyed the heavy looking bag Teddy was already holding. "Your hands look full."

"Nonsense," he said, easily slinging Skylar's duffel bag over his shoulder. He climbed onto the train.

Skylar shot Victoire a look, her eyes wide. Victoire nodded. "I know," she mouthed.

"When did Teddy get so strong?" Skylar whispered.

Victoire shrugged. "Must be the Auror training," she said before following Teddy onto the train. Skylar followed her lead. "Teddy, babe, we can carry our own luggage," Victoire said as she followed Teddy down the narrow hallway.

"I'm being chivalrous!" Teddy told her, stopping suddenly in front of an empty compartment. "This good?"

Victoire nodded and Teddy turned into the compartment. "Had a good break, Skye?" Teddy asked over his shoulder as he placed the girls' bags on the overhead compartment.

"Not bad," Skylar replied.

Teddy turned to grin at her. "I bet you're excited to be getting back to Hogwarts."

Victoire elbowed him.

Skylar shot him an odd look. "Not really. Exams are coming up soon. I'm not exactly looking forward to that."

"Funny. I thought you'd be excited to see your man friend again." Teddy snickered.

Skylar shot Victoire a look. "You told him?" she asked.

Victoire sighed, shaking her head at Teddy. "You're five," she told him.

"And not very clever," Skylar added, sitting down. "That was the best you could come up with?"

"Hey, I wasn't given much time," Teddy said defensively. He plopped down on the seat and pulled Victoire onto his lap.

Skylar looked at them. "So, not to state the obvious, but didn't you graduate?" she asked Teddy. "Why are you still here?"

"He's not leaving me until the train departs," Victoire said, wrapping her arms around the back of his neck.

"Ugh. Don't you two get sick of each other?" Skylar asked.

"No," Teddy and Victoire said unison.

Skylar sighed, getting up. "I'm gonna go find Gracie," she muttered as Victoire and Teddy began to fiercely snog. "And that's my cue to leave," Skylar muttered, closing the door behind them. She hopped off the train and stood on her tiptoes, searching for a familiar face. Unfortunately, the only one she saw was Marcus's. He was standing by the wall, talking with Trey and a Slytherin girl that Skylar did not recognize. Marcus spotted Skylar too and their eyes met. Skylar sent him a steely gaze, challenging him to confront her again. After several moments, Marcus finally looked away.

"Wow." Danielle had her hands on her hips, watching Skylar. "You do not look happy."

"Marcus Quincey," Skylar replied. "My new mortal enemy."

Danielle rolled her eyes. "Must you always be so dramatic?"

"Doesn't he get under your skin?"

"No, but he clearly gets under yours."

Skylar lowered her voice. "You know, he was watching my dad leave earlier."

"So?"

"So, isn't that suspicious!"

"Did he try to jinx your dad or follow him back to his car?" Danielle asked, confused.

"No. He just looked at him."

Danielle stared at her. "Skylar, seriously? You're being paranoid."

Skylar gave her a look. She was not being paranoid. Nobody had been with her the night she confronted Marcus. Nobody had seen the anger in his eyes or heard the hatred in his voice when he'd told her she was on the losing side.

But everybody kept telling Skylar she was just being paranoid. On the train, when she'd finished filling in Victoire and Grace on what had happened with Marcus that day, they'd just clucked disapprovingly, telling her not to worry, telling her it was just Marcus being Marcus.

"That guy's all talk," Grace had reassured her.

And maybe Grace was right. Skylar had asked people about him. Apparently, Marcus was a big talker. He was always going on about his pureblood mania and how muggles were destroying magic, but he never actually did anything to physically hurt somebody.

"He's an idiot," Victoire said simply with a small shrug. She peered outside and smiled. Hogsmeade could be seen in the distance. "We're almost there."

Grace, who had grown bored with Skylar's obsession with Marcus and decided to read instead, looked up from her book. "Good. I'm starving."

Skylar checked her watch eagerly. She and Alexander had promised to meet in his room as soon as she arrived. "Merlin, I'm glad to be back."

Victoire smiled. "Me too."

After the train had arrived in Hogsmeade and the girls had taken the carriages back to the castle, they deposited their belongings in the hallway like always. All around them, students were walking and chattering about.

"Ready to go?" Grace asked, carefully setting her trunk down.

Victoire nodded. "Yeah. Godric, I missed the food at Hogwarts. Let me tell you, Teddy and Finn are not good cooks."

Grace snorted. "I could've told you that." She paused, looking back at Skylar, who hadn't followed them as they started toward the Great Hall. "Coming, Skye?"

Skylar tugged at her skirt awkwardly. "Actually, I'm not hungry. I reckon I'll probably just head up to the common room. Maybe take a nap…"

Grace looked at her. "Are you sure? Do you want us to bring you some food?"

Skylar shook her head, avoiding Victoire's hard gaze. "No, thanks. I'll be fine."

Victoire pursed her lips. "Fine. We'll see you when we get back."

Relief washed over Skylar. She was glad Victoire didn't grill her further. "Yeah, okay! I'll see you then."

Skylar gave them a small wave before turning and heading up the Grand Staircase. Unfortunately, Filch was waiting for her at the top. "Going somewhere?" he asked, sneering at her. Several of his teeth were missing. The ones that were still there were a disturbing yellow color.

"Just up to the common room," Skylar told him. "It's not against the rules for me to use my own bed, is it?"

Filch sneered at her before stepping aside. "Mrs. Norris is on the lookout tonight," he warned. "She'll catch you if you do anything suspicious."

Skylar rolled her eyes and continued making her way down the empty hallway. Alexander was waiting for her at the end of the corridor. When he spotted her, his face broke out into an easy grin. "Ah, she returns."

Skylar smiled. "Miss me?" she asked as Alexander engulfed her in a hug.

"You have no idea," he replied before kissing her.



* * *



Marcus Quincey didn't like people laughing at him. And that's all people were doing after that Skylar Grey had punched him. Students pointed and snickered at him in the hallways. Slytherins murmured, gossiping about him everywhere he went. The younger students, who used to be terrified of him, were bolder around him.

Marcus hated Skylar for it. He'd seen her several times since the incident. She seemed completely unaffected by what happened between them. Every time he saw her, she was smiling or laughing, talking to her friends. It seemed as if there were always people around Skylar. She was so ruddy popular. Marcus could never get her alone.

He'd been watching her for a few weeks now. She spent most of her time with the veela, Weasley, and that brainy Gryffindor, Grace. He'd noticed she spent a lot of time with Professor Alexander too. She was always having meals with him and getting extra tutoring help from him. Marcus just figured she probably had a crush on him like every other girl at Hogwarts seemed to have.

"I'll get her back," Marcus muttered under his breath.

Trey glanced at him, irritated. "Are you talking about Skylar Grey again?" he asked.

Marcus shot him a filthy look. "Does it matter?"

Mildred Jackson smirked. "You'll never get back at her. She has too many friends. Face it, Marcus. Skylar won."

"Not yet," he grumbled as his friends laughed at him. "Shut up," he snapped, his eyes flashing.

The easy smiles on his friends' faces instantly faded. They returned to their food quietly. Trey shot him an uneasy look. Mildred bit back a retort, annoyed at being snapped at. Marcus looked over at the Gryffindor table, instantly spotting Victoire Weasley. She was so ruddy beautiful. It was difficult not to look at her.

Damien Waters followed his gaze. "Don't even think about it, mate," he warned. "Remember what happened with Grayson? She's not worth it."

Marcus shrugged. "I wasn't even thinking about it. I don't sleep with blood traitors."

Trey snorted. "You'd really pass up Victoire Weasley? Are you blind? I don't care if she is a blood traitor."

Mildred glared at them. "I don't think she's that pretty."

Trey looked at her as if she'd lost her mind. "I reckon you've gone blind, Mildred."

Damien shook his head. "Careful, Trey. Grayson thought like that too and now he's locked up in Azkaban. Victoire's a Weasley. She's got a powerful family."

"I didn't say I was gonna rape her," Trey snapped. "I'm not that much of an idiot. I'm just saying, if the opportunity came up and she was interested, I wouldn't say no."

Marcus roared with laughter. "In what twisted universe would Victoire Weasley give you a second look?"

They all turned to stare at Victoire. She was in the midst of a conversation with Grace Rhodes, an easy smile on her face.

"Skylar's not there," Trey pointed out, sounding mildly surprised.

Marcus was suddenly alert. "What?"

"Oh, yeah," Mildred said, sounding slightly bored. "That's weird. The three of them are usually inseparable."

"Oi, Marcus, where are you going?" Damien said as Marcus jumped up and swept out of the Great Hall.

"Something tells me he's going to go find Skylar Grey," Trey muttered, shaking his head.

Mildred rolled her eyes.



* * *



Skylar checked her watch. "I should go. Vic and Grace are expecting me to be in the common room when they get back from dinner." She slipped out of his bed and began searching the room for her clothing.

"You can't stay just a few minutes longer?" Alexander asked, sitting up.

Skylar bent down to retrieve her skirt. "I'd rather not risk it."

"You reckon you can try sneaking out tonight and coming to see me?" Alexander suggested as Skylar quickly pulled her clothes back on.

"I'll try," she promised, leaning down to give him a quick kiss. "If not, I'll see you in class tomorrow." She gave him a small wave before quickly leaving his bedroom. Unfortunately for her, a few minutes later, Marcus Quincey was waiting for her at the end of a corridor. He was leaning against the wall, his arms crossed. "I've been waiting for you," he told her once he spotted her.

Skylar stopped in her tracks. "Stalking me?" she said icily.

Marcus shrugged. "You have to take this hallway to get to the Gryffindor common room," he said. "I knew you'd have to take this corridor eventually."

"Why the hell are you following me around?"

Marcus ignored her question. "You know, I heard rumors you were a bit of slag. Turns out, they were true." He chuckled to himself. "Next time you go for a shag, try to button up your shirt correctly afterwards."

"Fuck you," Skylar snapped, attempting to walk past him.

"Who's the lucky guy?" Marcus snickered.

Skylar stopped and shot him a furious look. "None of your damn business, you prat." She gave him one last filthy look before storming away.



* * *



Victoire woke up with a start, hearing a small thud. She saw Skylar tiptoeing around the room, looking back nervously. "Skye, where the hell are you going?" Victoire whispered. "It's nearly midnight."

The other girls were still fast asleep.

"Don't worry," Skylar replied. "I'll be back in an hour or two. Just go back to sleep," she said soothingly.

Victoire narrowed her eyes, suddenly angry. "You're going to see him, aren't you?"

Even though it was dark, Victoire could tell Skylar was blushing. "Just for a bit. I'll be back before anybody notices I'm gone."

"If you get caught sneaking around, you'll lose Gryffindor house points," Victoire told her.

"Then I won't get caught," Skylar replied easily. She gave Victoire one last smile before tiptoeing out the room. Victoire muttered something unintelligent under her breath and went back to sleep begrudgingly.



* * *



Marcus peeked around the corner. Nothing. Sighing, Marcus shrunk back into the shadows, wondering if he'd been wrong.

"Where are you going?" Mildred had asked him earlier that night as he left the common room.

Marcus turned around, facing his friends. "Skylar Grey was sneaking around the castle earlier during dinner. And I've noticed her doing that a lot lately. A few weeks ago, when I was coming back late from detention, I noticed her tiptoeing around the castle, trying not to be seen."

"So?" Trey said.

"So, if she's sneaking around, it means she's hiding something. I'm going to find out what that is."

Mildred sighed. "Marcus, can't you just let it go? You don't want to end up like Grayson."

But Marcus couldn't let it go. Because of Skylar, he'd lost the respect of everybody in his House. They'd snickered behind his back, pointed and laughed at him when he walked by….Marcus had become a joke in the Slytherin house. Before Skylar, he's been feared and admired.

So, after ignoring his friends' protests, Marcus had set up camp in the corridor, waiting until he saw Skylar. It was nearly one thirty in the morning and Marcus was about to give up hope of ever seeing Skylar. He was about to turn around and leave, when he spotted her. She was barefoot and dressed in a short robe with what appeared to be nothing underneath. Her hair was slightly disheveled and her eyes were wide as she looked over her shoulder, making sure nobody was following her.

Marcus was perplexed for a moment. Where the hell had she been dressed like that?

Skylar was walking past him, headed straight for the moving staircases, up to her common room. Marcus jumped out of the shadows, shouting her name. Skylar shrieked, panicking, whipped out her wand and yelled out, "Alarte Ascendare!" Marcus felt himself flying across the hallway and slamming into the wall. He remembered a pounding pain in his head and Skylar cursing loudly in the distance before he fell unconscious.



* * *



Victoire sat up groggily. On her bedside table was her Witch Mirror. Skylar was whispering her name loudly. Frowning, Victoire grabbed her Witch Mirror and peered at Skylar on the other side. Her eyes were wide and panicked.

"What the hell is the matter with you?" Victoire said with a yawn. "I'm trying to sleep." She narrowed her eyes. "Wait a minute…I thought you were with Alexander. Where are you?"

Skylar looked around wildly. "I was…listen, there's been a slight problem…I need you to come meet me in the corridor by the moving staircases."

Victoire stared at her. "Why?"

Skylar bit her lip. "Just come…you'll see…"

Sighing, Victoire slipped out of her bed. "I'm on my way." She looked around the dark room, making sure none of her roommates had woken up. Grace was asleep, hugging the book she'd been reading before she'd fallen asleep. Lisa was snoring quietly and the other girls had their curtains drawn around their beds. Victoire grimaced before tiptoeing out the room. Luckily, nobody was in the common room anymore and the fire had long died out. She climbed through the portrait hold and hurried down the staircase.

Skylar was waiting for her at the end of the corridor. When she saw Victoire, she grimaced and gave her a small wave. Victoire walked forward and looked down at the unconscious body lying at her feet. She sighed and looked up at Skylar. "What the hell did you do?" Victoire finally said, shaking her head.

Skylar looked down at the body lying in between them and grimaced. "Well," she said after a short pause, "it's a long story."

"Humor me."

"He snuck up on me!" Skylar exclaimed defensively. "I panicked. Next thing I knew, my wand was out and he was flying across the hallway."

"You used magic!" Victoire hissed.

"Just a little. Besides, it wasn't the spell that hurt him. He hit his head against the wall and it knocked him out. No biggie."

"Skylar, he could have a concussion!"

"Well, maybe he shouldn't be lurking in the dark in the middle of the night!"

"Maybe you shouldn't be sneaking around to have sex with your teacher!"

"Shh!" Skylar looked around, making sure nobody overheard them. "It's not just sex, okay! It's a relationship."

"So not the point right now."

"Alright! Fine. What the hell do we do?" Skylar snapped.

"Well, we can't just leave him here. He could be seriously hurt."

"Vic, we could get into serious trouble if they find us here with him."

Victoire hesitated. "You are already on thin ice for punching him."

"Exactly. Not to mention, they'll get us for being out past curfew and using magic in the hallways."

Victoire paused, thinking about it. "Okay," she said slowly, "I have an idea."

"A good one?"

"Not really."

"Well, I haven't got anything better."

Victoire sighed, reaching for her wand. "We need to make noise."

"Noise?"

"Really really loud noise. Enough for Filch to hear. And then we run."

Skylar glanced back at the end of the hallway where the moving staircases were located. "And if we're not fast enough?"

"Then, we're screwed."

Skylar nodded, clutching her wand tightly. "What are we thinking? Fireworks?"

"Fireworks, the shrieking curse….whatever comes to mind."

"Got it," Skylar said, a determined look on her face.

Victoire nodded. "Let's do it."





It's Not Over


I try to see the good in life,

But good things in life are hard to find.

-Daughtry



* * *



Victoire stared at Skylar. She was dreamily playing with her scrambled eggs, a dopey smile on her face.

"What the hell's the matter with you?' Victoire finally snapped.

Skylar looked at her with a distant smile. "I can't be happy?"

"No. You can't."

"Why not?"

Victoire looked at her incredulously. "Gee, I don't know. Maybe because you almost got both of us expelled last night! Aren't you worried Marcus will tell on you?"

Skylar shrugged. "And risk even more humiliation? Nah."

"He's still going to try to come after you," Victoire pointed out.

Skylar grimaced. "I know."

Grace took a seat beside Skylar and looked at both girls expectantly. "Did you hear?" she said dramatically.

"Hear what?" Skylar asked.

"About what happened to Marcus Quincey!" Grace exclaimed. "It's all anybody is talking about this morning."

Victoire and Skylar exchanged looks. Grace glanced behind her at the Slytherin table, where all of Marcus's friends where gathered, their heads bowed together, whispering. "He was attacked last night," Grace said in a low voice. "Apparently, the attacker just left him there for dead. Can you believe it?"

"The attacker didn't just leave him there!" Skylar said defensively.

Grace stared at her. Victoire kicked her under the table.

"I mean," Skylar clarified nervously, "I heard the nurse found him almost immediately."

Grace rolled her eyes. "Yeah, because the idiot who attacked him also made a huge ruckus. Filch's stupid cat came running when she heard all the noise and she found him unconscious."

"I wouldn't say the person was an idiot," Skylar grumbled quietly. Victoire shot her a look.

Grace shrugged. "I mean, he attacked Marcus, left him there for dead, and then put on a little firework show to wake up the whole castle. It's like he was asking to get caught."

"Must have been a prank gone wrong," Victoire said a little too casually. "Anybody want orange juice?" she asked, holding up a silver jug.

"I'll have some," Grace said. "I'm going to need all the energy I can get for that Astronomy exam tonight. You know, it's cruel to give us an exam the first day back. I spent my entire Easter break studying for…"

Victoire and Skylar exchanged relieved looks as Grace distracted herself talking about school. She left soon after when she remembered she'd forgotten her lucky quill in her bedroom.

Skylar leaned in closer to Victoire as Grace scurried out of the Great Hall. "That was a close one."

"I reckon we just need to avoid the subject altogether." Victoire swallowed. "So, we're definitely not telling Gracie?"

"And have her yell at us until the end of eternity?"

"Good point." Victoire leaned back in her seat. "If Marcus tells the headmaster it was you who attacked him, you'll be expelled for sure."

"Well, that's not comforting."

"If you want comfort, you came to the wrong person."

Skylar rolled her eyes. "I won't get expelled. Marcus would never tell."

"You better hope you're right," Victoire said darkly, glancing at the Slytherin table once again. "I don't care what Uncle Harry says. You definitely do not want to get on the bad side of those people."

After quickly finishing their breakfasts, Skylar and Victoire scurried to class, where they were glad to be away from all the people gossiping about what happened to Marcus Quincey. It was starting to put both girls on edge.

"What's wrong with you guys?" Grace demanded after class as they headed back to the common room. "You've been so jumpy."

Skylar plastered an easy smile on her face. "I don't know what you're talking about."

"Yeah, we're fine," Victoire told her.

Grace narrowed her eyes at them suspiciously before sighing. "Whatever. I probably don't want to know anyway." She motioned toward the hallway. "I'm headed toward the library for free period. I'll meet you guys in Potions later."

Skylar nodded. "Sounds good. Have fun studying."

Victoire and Skylar headed up the moving staircases and Grace turned the corner. They walked in silence up the stairs. "I reckon Grace is right," Victoire finally said as Skylar mumbled the password to the Fat Lady and the portrait hole swung open. "We are on edge."

"Well, it's all the school can talk about," Skylar grumbled as they climbed through the portrait hole. "I'd feel better if everybody would just shut up about it."

Victoire took a seat by the large couch in front of the fireplace. She bent over and pulled out her Witch Mirror. "Well, I'll feel better once I talk to Teddy," she muttered.

Skylar nodded, watching as her best friend talked to her boyfriend through the Mirror. Much to both her and Victoire's surprise, though, Teddy was not so understanding about the whole situation.

"So, just out of curiosity, have you two completely lost your fucking minds?" Teddy hissed through the Witch Mirror.

Victoire and Skylar looked at each other. "You're mad?" Victoire asked, her eyebrows raised.

"Yes, I'm mad! This is not a good time to be messing with Slytherins, especially ones who have the notion that purebloods are the superior race."

"I didn't mess with anybody!" Skylar snapped. "He was the one following me around! What would you do if somebody popped out of you in the middle of the night when you were all alone in the hallway and it was dark? Merlin's pants! It was an accident!"

"Why were you roaming around the castle after hours anyway?" Teddy asked.

"Would you believe me if I said I was sleep walking?"

"No."

Victoire rolled her eyes. "She went to go see Professor Alexander."

"That's still going on?" Teddy asked.

Skylar glared at him. "Yes," she said flatly.

Victoire looked at Teddy warily. "I don't understand why you're so upset anyway. Who are you to judge us for breaking the rules?"

"Because we're entering into dark times right now," Teddy told them severely. "This is not the time to be screwing around."

"All you and Finn ever did was screw around," Skylar retorted.

"Skylar!" Teddy snapped. "Don't you two understand? These are dangerous times right now!"

"I think your work is making you paranoid," Skylar told him.

"I don't want you two provoking anymore Slytherins or roaming around the castle after hours. You don't know who you can trust these days."

"Teddy," Victoire said slowly, "we're at Hogwarts. We're safe."

"Yeah?" Teddy said dubiously. "May I remind you of our old pal, Grayson."

Victoire winced. "That was different."

"Was it? It happened on school grounds with Slytherins."

Skylar frowned. "What the hell is going on that's making you so nervous? You were not this bad on the train."

Teddy glared at them. "Do you two not understand what's been going on? Have you not been reading the news?"

"Not really," Skylar said truthfully.

"Skylar, you're half muggle. And Vic you're a Weasley. Honestly, the safest person right now is probably Grace and thankfully she never does anything stupid and reckless like you two."

"Hey!" Victoire said defensively. "I did nothing stupid. I was only there because I had to help Skye."

"Victoire," Teddy said with a deep sigh. "I"m not there to protect you. Just promise me you'll be more careful. Promise me."

Victoire bit back her retort that she did not need anybody's protection and that she could take care of herself when she saw the look on Teddy's face. He'd looked even worse than he did over break. His shoulders were sagging and the bags under his eyes were darker than ever. Even his hair seemed thinner and shaggier. The usual easy smirk on his face was gone. The mischievous gleam in his eyes had been replaced by a tired and grim expression. He looke Teddy had seen things that Victoire hadn't. So, instead of fighting him, Victoire just sighed and nodded in agreement. "Fine."

Skylar looked at her incredulously but didn't say anything.

"Good," Teddy said, sounding relieved. "Now, I have to get back to work. My break's almost over."

Victoire nodded. "Okay. I'll talk to you later. I love you."

"Love you too," he said. "See you later, Skye," he added.

"Yeah, bye," Skylar grumbled unhappily.

"Be careful!" Victoire added quickly before Teddy disappeared from the Mirror.

"Is it just me or has he gotten a lot less fun?" Skylar said as Victoire dropped her Mirror in her bag.

Victoire sighed. "He's changed a lot."

And Teddy had. He was more serious. He no longer carried himself in that easy, aloof way. Teddy stood up straighter and he was constantly aware of his surroundings. There was a new determined, powerful gleam in his eyes that hadn't been there before.

"I liked it better when all he cared about was sneaking firewhiskeys into the common room," Skylar mumbled.

"I liked it better when he didn't always look so tired and worn out," Victoire told her.

Skylar looked at her. "He's just got a lot going on at work," she said soothingly. "It'll get better."

"Will it?" Victoire said dubiously. "Because to me it seems like things are only getting worse."

"We can't think like that," Skylar told her firmly. "We have to believe it will get better. Safer."

Victoire swallowed. "That's what I thought after Chris's accident. I thought it was a one time occurrence and that things would get better." She looked at Skylar darkly. "It hasn't. There's been more deaths, more tragedies, more losses…"



* * *



Marcus looked over at the Gryffindor table. Skylar was seated across from Victoire and Grace. Grace was reading the Daily Prophet and the other two girls were leaning in closer, listening intently. Marcus had finally been released from the Hospital Wing in time for dinner. He'd told everybody except his friends that he had no clue what happened to him, even though he clearly remembered Skylar hexing him out of fright when he'd snuck up on her. Marcus had gotten a warning from the staff for being out past curfew and the entire school was talking about what had happened to him.

"Quincey, this obsession is getting a little out of hand," Mildred told him, seeing him staring daggers at Skylar.

"You got landed in the hospital wing because of it!" Trey exclaimed.

"Shut up!" Marcus hissed. "Don't go yelling that out loud for everybody to hear."

Damien chortled. "You got knocked out by a little girl, mate. You better hope the rest of the school doesn't find out."

Trey bit back a laugh. "I reckon you should just let it go, mate."

"Not until she's as humiliated as I am," Marcus said in a dark voice.

Mildred raised her eyebrows. "Marcus, don't be stupid. You sound like those stupid death eaters."

Marcus looked at her. "I reckon those death eaters have the right idea. It's about time we finally eliminated those savages. Look at Skylar for further proof! She attacked me! You reckon that isn't savage?"

Damien rolled his eyes. "I agree. Mudbloods or half-bloods shouldn't be allowed here, but do you really think those death eater wannabes will win in the end? They're just kidding themselves. Harry Potter will put a stop to it eventually and all of them will end up in Azkaban."

"Yeah," Trey said, "don't be an idiot. History's repeating itself and I hate to break it to you but we're the losing side."

"I'm not an idiot," Marcus snapped. "I'm not planning on joining the death eaters."

"Good," Mildred said, "because they're all going to end up either arrested or dead."

"But I'm also not going to let a filthy half-blood humiliate me," Marcus said.

Trey rolled his eyes. "Listen, Skylar is in my year. I know her. She's a lot tougher than she looks. I wouldn't mess with her."

Marcus glared at him. "You call yourself a Slytherin?"

Damien sighed. "Let him do what he wants. I think it's funny watching him get his arse repeatedly kicked by a little Gryffindor girl."

Mildred laughed. "Fine. Don't let listen to us, Marcus. You'll regret it."

Trey glanced over at Skylar. "She's got powerful connections, Marcus. She's friends with the entire Weasley family. She could get you."

"She won't," Marcus said darkly. "She's hiding something. I just know it. Why else would she be sneaking around the castle?"

"She's probably just hooking up with some bloke in Hufflepuff or Ravenclawe," Mildred said with a shrug. "Or going to secret parties."

"Or sneaking into Hogsmeade," Trey suggested.

"It's probably nothing," Damien agreed.

Marcus shook his head. "She's hiding something big. I just know it."





Ways To Go


Even if I smoke in the back room

Even if I go right to meet you

Even when I sleep all day

Even when I sleep all day

Even if I wasn't like I'm times two

Waiting for the day just to end so I see you

Even when I dream all day

Even when I dream all day

-Grouplove



* * *



May, despite the warm and sunny weather, brought a gloom about the students in the castle. Exams were right around the corner for the younger students, the fifth years were nervous wrecks about their O.W.L.s, and the seventh years had to worry about the upcoming N.E.W.T.s. Most students were on edge, but not Skylar.

While Victoire hardly slept thinking about all the N.E.W.T.s she had to pass in order to become a curse breaker like her dad and Grace locked herself in the library most days, Skylar continued her life with an annoying ease.

"I'm a model," she'd remind her friends with an eye roll. "As long as I can keep my stomach flat, I don't think anybody cares how I manage to do in Charms."

"Skylar, you're not even going to try?" Grace would demand, horrified.

Skylar would always shrug and say she'd get to the studying later. Alexander, who agreed with Victoire and Grace, spent most of his time forcing Skylar to open up her Defense Against the Dark Arts book.

"Alex," she'd often complain as he'd force her into reading different chapters and writing essays, "wouldn't you rather be doing something else?"

"No." He was always firm, sitting across from her with a stern look on his face. "Do you work first."

Skylar, however, was much more concerned with how Victoire was going to be celebrating her seventeenth birthday.

"You're going to be seventeen," Skylar would stress, slamming her fist down for emphasis, whenever Victoire mentioned she didn't want a big fuss over her birthday.

In the end, Skylar settled for no big, wild party, and Victoire agreed to at least acknowledge her coming of age. So, Grace ordered a cake from Hogsmeade, and Skylar invited a few girls in their year up to the Astronomy Tower to sing happy birthday to Victoire. The girls had some cake, drank some of the nicked champagne from the kitchens, and giggled about boys and the upcoming summer.

"You know," Mona Hill, who was on the Quidditch team with Victoire, said as she took a sip of her champagne, "Skylar, it's been a few months since you dated anybody."

Grace rolled her eyes. "Skylar has lost interest in Hogwarts boys."

Skylar shot her a look. "You guys will see. There's more blokes out there than the ones who sit next to us in Potions class."

"It's too bad you and Ethan didn't work out," Lisa Fisher, who was the Gryffindor quidditch captain, said dreamily. "He's gorgeous."

"Like I said, there's better out there," Skylar told her.

Victoire raised her eyebrows. "You keep saying that but I don't see you with any guys beyond the walls of Hogwarts," she said, referring to Alexander.

Skylar shot her a furious look. "Victoire—"

Grace suddenly gasped, looking at her watch. "It's almost midnight! You're birthday's going to be over in less than twenty minutes, Vic."

Margaret Lawrence grinned. "Vic, you gotta open your presents!"

This was met with a burst of excited nods and yeahs. Victoire sighed and smiled as the girls pushed forward the pile of gifts for her to open.



* * *



The problem with turning seventeen, Victoire thought, was that it never quite lived up to the hype. Sure, all her friends wished her a happy birthday and celebrated with her and got her amazing gifts, but it wasn't quite as earth shattering as everybody made it out to be. Maybe if her parents were there to celebrate with her or if Teddy could've spent the day with her, her birthday would have been a little more exciting.

The truth of the matter was that Victoire was ready for the end of the school year. She couldn't wait until the end of May so that she could take her exams and finally go home. She missed her siblings, she missed her parents, and she missed Teddy. Long distance was starting to take a toll on her. She missed waking up beside him every morning and being able to kiss him everyday and being able to talk to him whenever she wanted.

Also, Victoire was getting tired of school. She was sick of all the hours of homework she spent doing in the library, she was tired of being away from home, and she hated having to keep Skylar's secret. The sooner she got away from Hogwarts, the sooner she would no longer have to hide what she knew about Professor Alexander and Skylar.

Victoire's annoyance with their relationship was becoming evident and Alexander asked her to stay behind one afternoon. As the rest of the class left, Skylar glancing back curiously at them, Victoire strode toward Alexander's desk.

Alexander sighed and looked at her. "Ms. Weasley."

"It's Victoire," Victoire corrected shortly.

He gave her a wary look. "I know you're upset…by the situation…"

"You mean the one where you're sleeping with my best friend, therefore putting her entire educational career and future in jeopardy?"

"That'd be the one." He ran his fingers through his hair. "I know it's wrong."

"Then why don't you stop?"

"Because I love her," he admitted, turning a slight shade of pink. "I tried really hard not to, but you know how Skye is. She wouldn't let me give her up. I couldn't help but falling in love with her."

"You're her teacher!"

"But I knew her before I was her teacher…I knew her as the beautiful, crazy, fun model I met in Spain. I knew her as the girl who would come on adventures with me and make me laugh and—"

"Who was younger than you," Victoire interrupted viciously.

"Only by two years," Alexander corrected. "And I didn't even know that."

Victoire pursed her lips. "If you two get caught, you're both screwed."

"I know."

She glared at him. "You know, I hate what you two are doing. You were supposed to be one of my favorite teachers."

Alexander's eyes lit up. "Really?"

"Before I found out you were in a relationship with my best friend," Victoire told him sharply. "And then I realized what a scumbag you are."

"Listen, Victoire, I know how much you care about Skylar. I know how much she means to you. I know you don't want to see her get hurt. All I can promise you is that I would never do anything to hurt Skylar. If our relationship comes to light, then I will do everything in my power to protect her and take the blame. I love her. I tried to fight it when I found out I was her professor, but I can't. I promise you I would never do anything to hurt her."

Victoire swallowed. "That's good to know." She bit her lip. "But what you're doing is still wrong and dangerous."

"What we're doing has nothing to do with you, though," Alexander pointed out. "I don't want you to lose interest in this class just because you're upset with me. I want you to become a curse breaker. I want you to be able to succeed in that dream of yours. But to do so, you must pass Defense. Even if you hate my guts, just promise me you won't let it affect your grade in this class. I think you would be an amazing curse breaker and I don't want you to give up on that dream just because of this class."

Victoire gulped. "You think I can make it as a curse breaker?"

"You're a talented witch, Victoire. I think you could do great things." Alexander shook his head in self-disgust. "I would hate myself if my actions were what prevented you from becoming the success I know you could be."



* * *



"So, what did Professor Bennett want?" Grace asked casually, glancing up from her textbook.

Skylar's head shot up and she met Victoire's gaze.

"Not much," Victoire replied, perching beside Grace on the couch. "He just wanted to make sure I was still on track to become a cursebreaker."

Skylar looked visibly relieved. Grace smiled slightly. "See, that's what I love about Professor Bennett. He really does care, doesn't he?"

"Yeah, he does," Skylar said with a small smile.

Victoire rolled her eyes as Grace stood up to go fetch her backpack upstairs.

"So, what did he say?" Skylar asked quietly once Grace was no longer within earshot.

"Exactly the right thing," Victoire muttered begrudgingly.

Skylar grinned. "He's pretty great, isn't he?"

Victoire shrugged. "It'd be better if he was a student and not a teacher."

Skylar rolled her eyes. "Are you ever going to let that go?"

"Probably not."



* * *



Marcus stumbled into the Slytherin common room, looking around wildly. Mildred and Damien were sitting by the homework tables, chatting idly about school. Marcus sprinted toward them, an eager smile on his face.

"Damien, quick, where's your camera?" he asked breathlessly.

Damien raised his eyebrows. "Why?"

"I've had the first years keeping an eye out for Skylar, letting me know whenever she's doing something suspicious."

Mildred narrowed her eyes at him. "Please tell me you're joking."

"They said she left her common room and is headed up to the DADA classroom."

"How is that suspicious?" Damien asked.

"They said she kept looking around, making sure nobody was following her. I mean, why would she be so worried about people following her? It's a little paranoid."

"I don't know," Mildred said dryly. "I mean, people actually are following her around."

Marcus looked at Damien. "Camera."

"What do you need the camera for?"

"I need proof! If she's breaking the rules, I need to be able to prove it."

"How is she breaking the rules by going to the DADA classroom. Maybe she has class. Maybe she needs to talk to Bennett about something. Marcus, you're being insane. There's nothing wrong with her going to DADA."

He glared at her. "There are no classes going on at this time! Besides, she's always there. Don't you think it's a little weird how often she goes to the DADA classroom."

Damien snorted. "No. She's probably just lovesick over Bennett like every other girl in our year is." He grinned at Mildred. "Right, Millie? You'd know all about that."

Mildred blushed fiercely. "Shut up," she muttered, staring at the table. "Just because I said he was good looking…"

Marcus shook his head. "Mate, the bloody camera."

Damien shrugged. "I think Trey borrowed it. Check in his stuff."

Marcus flashed him a grin. "Brilliant!"





Teen Idle


The wasted years, the wasted youth

The pretty lies, the ugly truth

And the day has come where I have died

Only to find I've come alive

Come alive, I've come alive

-Marina & the Diamonds



* * *



Sienna sat up, hearing the knocking on her door.

"Ms. Ellis, I've got your breakfast!" A deep voice said from the other side of the door.

Sienna pulled the hotel's covers over her body. "Come in!" she called, quickly straightening out her hair.

A young man carrying a platter and a newspaper came inside. "Your mum's orders," he told her, setting the platter on her bedside. "Breakfast and the Prophet."

Sienna nodded. "Thanks."

"She wants you to check how your album's ratings are doing. Page seven."

Sienna rolled her eyes. "Of course."

"And she also wanted me to remind you that you've got your meeting with the label at one."

"Will do. Tell her that her slave will be ready at one." Sienna popped a grape from the platter in her mouth. As the young man left the room, Sienna grabbed the newspaper and scanned the front page. Her eyes widened and her jaw dropped as she read the headline. "Holy cricket," she gasped.



* * *



Finn traipsed down the stairs. Teddy was in the kitchen preparing breakfast.

"You talked to Sienna recently?" Finn asked him.

Teddy glanced sideways as he served himself some toast. "A few days ago. She says she's taking a weekend off from the tour to come to your game this weekend."

Finn grinned. "Yeah. It's been a few weeks since I've seen her."

"You guys still doing okay?" Teddy asked.

"It'll be better in a few months when the tour's over."

A light tap on the window made the two boys look up. Teddy walked over and opened the window. He dropped a knut in the owl's bag and the owl dropped a copy of the Prophet in his hand.

"Anything interesting?" Finn asked as he poured himself porridge.

Teddy opened to the front page of the Prophet and nearly choked on his toast. "Shit."

Finn looked up. "What is it?"

Teddy sighed and handed Finn the Prophet. "You're gonna find out out sooner or later."

Finn read the headline and shook his head in disbelief. "No way. This can't be true."

"Oh, but it is," Teddy muttered.



* * *



Skylar and Victoire made their way down the stairs.

"-just don't understand why it takes you so long to get ready," Victoire grumbled.

Skylar shrugged. "This look takes work, Victoire."

Victoire rolled her eyes. "Whatever."

Skylar frowned and looked around uneasily. People had been stopping and staring at them since they climbed out of the portrait hole. Whispers followed them as they made their way toward the Great Hall. "Hey, Vic," she muttered. "You notice people staring at us?"

"I think they're staring at you," Victoire said in a low voice. She pushed open the doors to the Great Hall and all the chatter immediately stopped. Every head turned toward Skylar. "Yep," Victoire said. "Definitely you."

Skylar swallowed. She and Victoire exchanged looks before striding forward. Everybody's heads turned and their eyes followed them as they walked down the aisle. Victoire and Skylar spotted Grace sitting at the Gryffindor table. "Gracie, what's going on?" Skylar said once they reached her.

Grace was staring ahead, looking stunned. She glanced over at Skylar and quietly handed her the Prophet. Skylar looked down and gasped when she read the headline.

Hogwarts Defense Against the Dark Arts Professor Has Secret Affair With Student

Beneath the caption, there was a picture of Skylar and Alexander kissing.

Skylar looked up, feeling her heart plummet. Everybody was still staring at her, even the professors and teachers. Professor Alexander and the headmaster were not sitting at the table with the rest of them. People began whispering. Skylar spotted Marcus sitting at the Gryffindor table. He grinned at her triumphantly and winked. And Skylar knew.



* * *



Melissa exhaled slowly and opened her eyes. Skylar was sitting across from the headmaster. She was teary eyed and her face was still puffy from crying earlier.

"I'll give you two a moment to discuss," the headmaster said quietly before standing up and exiting his office.

Skylar looked up at Melissa. For the first time in months, Skylar didn't look at her angrily. She looked scared and hurt.

"What were you thinking, Skylar," Melissa said quietly, trying her hardest to keep her voice level. "An affair with your teacher?"

Skylar looked away from her, instead choosing to focus her gaze on the window where the headmaster's owl was comfortably perched. "Melissa, don't," she said softly.

"I want to know what the hell was going through your mind? You risked your entire education, your reputation, your chances of getting a decent job after Hogwarts!" Melissa tried not to sound too harsh, but she was finding it increasingly difficult to understand Skylar's lack of responsibility. "I don't think you've quite grasped how serious this situation is!"

Skylar crossed her arms. "You heard the headmaster. I'm not getting into any trouble. Only Alexander. Which I think is completely unfair, by the way."

Melissa stared at her. "You're standing up for him?" she asked incredulously.

"What happened between us is as much my fault as it is his. Actually, more of it is probably mine. I pushed for it to happen. He tried to stop it."

"He should've tried harder." Melissa couldn't believe what she was hearing. "He's an adult, Skylar. A teacher. He should've known better. He should've had a little more self-control. He put both of you at risk."

Skylar tore her eyes away from the window and looked at her sister. Melissa didn't look very different than the last time she'd seen her. Her hair was a little longer and she was wearing her glasses for a change. But the dirty blonde hair was still there without a flyaway in sight. Her clothes were still professional and neatly pressed. "Why are you the one here anyway? Where's dad?" Skylar finally asked.

"Ever since I finished Hogwarts, I've been the one on your contact list if anything were to happen to you."

"Why?"

"Because I understand the magical world much better than Dad does," Melissa replied crisply. "We decided together that I would be better equipped to deal with Hogwarts stuff."

"Well, I want Dad."

"You want Dad here? Why? So that he can hear all the details about his underage daughter having a sexual relationship with her professor!"

"Dad would understand," Skylar snapped.

"Well, don't worry. Dad will find out soon enough. He's going to go mental when he hears about this."

Skylar narrowed her eyes at Melissa. "I didn't ask you to be here."

"You're my sister. Of course I'm going to be here."

"I thought we established that we would no longer have any contact."

"No, you decided that."

"Whatever."

Melissa rolled her eyes. "Oh, very clever. Listen, I don't have time for this. The headmaster is outside waiting for us. Let's just ask him back in here and tell him that you agree to his terms."

"Well, I don't agree to his terms," Skylar said suddenly. "Who said I did?"

"Skylar, you've got to be kidding. He's offering you an out!"

"By having me place all the blame on Alexander! I can't do that to him."

"You've got no choice. Alexander is the adult. You're the child. He's going to get the blame either way."

"What's going to happen to him?" Skylar gulped.

"He'll probably get fired and if you choose to press charges-"

"I won't!" Skylar protested.

Melissa took a shaky breath. "And why the hell not?"

Skylar's eyes glittered with tears. "Because I'm in love with him," she said softly, her voice breaking.

Melissa opened and closed her mouth, looking stunned. "Skye..." She closed her eyes. "No, you're not. You're only sixteen. You don't know what love is."

Skylar shook her head, tears trickling down her cheeks. "Yes, I do," she whispered.



* * *



Grace stared at the sign on the door.

DEFENSE AGAINST THE DARK ARTS CLASSES CANCELLED UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE!

"Brilliant!" Jack Winters exclaimed. "I could use a nap."

"Defense is cancelled?" Sophia Morris said with a dramatic sigh. "I actually studied for Professor Bennet's exam today.

"Well, what'd you expect?" Garrett Lewis snorted. "He was sleeping with a student. You didn't seriously think they'd let him still teach."

"So, he screws with Skylar and we get punished?" Sophia grumbled.

Grace flinched. She swiveled around to face Sophia, but for the life of her, she couldn't think of what to say.

"Got something to say, Rhodes?" Jack asked, his eyebrows raised.

Grace glanced back at the sign and shook her head. "I've gotta go," she muttered, stomping away. She felt her face flush with anger. Angry tears clung to her lashes.

"Oi, Grace!" Victoire's musical voice called out to her. "Where are you going?" she asked breathlessly, running to catch up with her.

"Defense is cancelled," she spat. "Don't bother going to class."

Victoire stared at her. "Yeah, I figured. Hey, are you okay?"

"Did you know?" Grace demanded suddenly.

Victoire's face softened. "Grace..."

"You knew, didn't you?" Grace's voice cracked. "You knew the whole time!"

"No. Not the whole time."

Grace shook her head in disgust. "I need to go...I've gotta be alone or something..."

"Grace, wait!" Victoire called after her, but Grace just ignored her. "Well, that's just great," Victoire muttered. She sighed and turned around, heading back to the Gryffindor common room. When she climbed through the portrait hole, she realized Skylar was waiting for her sitting in the armchair by the fireplace.

"How are you doing?" Victoire asked gently as she slowly approached her.

Skylar's face crumbled and she let out a small sob. Alarmed, Victoire rushed forward and wrapped her arms around Skylar. "Oh, Skye..." she mumbled, closing her eyes and allowing Skylar to weep onto her shoulder.





Skinny Love


Come on skinny love just last the year,

Pour a little salt we were never here

-Birdy



* * *



Grace slid down against the stone wall and sat down. She clung to the folder she was holding tightly. She knew Victoire was probably wondering where she was. It was nearly midnight and she hadn't seen anybody all day or gone to any of her classes. Grace looked out the window, where the stars were shining brightly against the dark blue sky.

"Grace?"

Grace looked up to find one of her fellow prefects staring down at her.

"Hello, Trisha," Grace said dully.

"Are you okay?" Trisha looked around uneasily. "You know it's nearly past curfew, right?"

"I know," Grace muttered, slowly standing up. "Are you doing rounds tonight?"

Trisha nodded and checked her watch. "Until midnight. Actually, if I were you, I'd hurry back to your common room. In about ten minutes, you'll officially be breaking curfew and I'll have to dock points from your house."

"Yeah, I'm going," Grace said dully.

Trisha nodded perkily before continuing on her way down the hallway. Grace watched her torn the corner and disappear. She contemplated going back to the common room, but instead, she found herself going down the stairs instead of up.



* * *



Grace sucked in a breath. The once packed and cramped office was now nearly empty. The walls were no longer lined with bookshelves and pictures. Professor Alexander stood by his desk, carefully wrapping his dark detectors and placing them in boxes. He looked up briefly and was surprised to see Grace.

"Grace..." He set down a silver trinket he'd been about to pack away.

"You were my favorite, you know," Grace said quietly. "Professor, that is." She stepped inside and set down the folder she'd been holding on his desk. "Here. You can take this back. I don't want it anymore."

Alexander glanced down and realized she'd given him back the recommendation he'd written her. "Take that internship, Grace. It'll be good for you."

"I don't want it!" she snapped. "I don't want anything to do with you."

"I know you're hurt—"

"She's my best friend!" Grace shouted. "How could you? Skylar's a student. I trusted you!"

"I know." Alexander winced. He took a step toward her. "Don't let what happened between me and Skylar get in the way of your future. You're so bloody smart and talented, Gracie. The internship would be a once in a lifetime opportunity for you. You have to take advantage of it."

Grace took in Professor Alexander's appearance. His dark hair was shaggier than usual and his beard slightly longer. He was no longer dressed in robes but was instead in muggle attire—jeans and a t-shirt. It made him look younger somehow.

Grace had loved Professor Alexander from the beginning. He had a way of explaining things that class so easy and he was passionate about his subject that every class was exciting. His energy was almost contagious. Alexander had been the first professor to take such an interest in her education. He had taken her under his wing, helped her succeed in class, introduced her to brilliant researchers, and set her up with amazing internships and possible careers. He'd been the first teacher to believe in her like that. And Grace had trusted him. He had been her favorite teacher, somebody she thought she could rely on.

Grace didn't understand why all the adults in her life that she trusted ket disappointing her: her mother, her father, and now her favorite professor. She wondered if maybe she was the problem. Could it be that she thought to highly of them, that she put them up on a pedestal, that they couldn't possibly live up to the standards that she had set for them?

"Grace," Alexander said quietly. "I'm sorry."

Grace blinked. "You should've known better." With that that, she turned and left the now empty office.



* * *



Victoire climbed through the portrait hole. It'd been an exhausting day. Both Grace and Skylar had disappeared and rumors were swirling around the castle about Skylar and Alexander. Victoire was barely keeping it together, wondering where the hell her two best friends could possibly be. Victoire never imagined Skylar's secret would come out like this.

"Wow. You look exhausted." Dani remarked. She was the only person left in the common room. She was seated in the best armchair by the fireplace, reading the Evening Prophet.

"Can you blame me?" Victoire replied. "Have you seen Skye at all today?"

Dani shook her head. "Last I heard, she was still in the Headmaster's office." She sat up straighter. "Vic, you've got to tell me what's going on. This thing with Professor Alexander...it can't be true..."

"Later," Victoire muttered. She'd just spotted Grace quickening striding past them and going up the stairs. "I'll be right back," Victoire said before following Grace into their dormitory.

"Grace," Victoire began, "where've you been?"

Grace swiveled around abruptly. "How long exactly have you known?" she demanded.

Victoire took a step back, startled. "Not that long," she said hesitantly.

"But you have know."

"I caught them kissing one time."

"And you didn't do anything?" Grace said in disbelief.

"I tried, but there was nothing I could've done, Grace. I swear. Nothing I said or did could convince her to end it."

"You should've stopped it," Grace told her stubbornly.

"It's not as bad as you think, Gracie—"

"You're all insane!" Grace let out a humorless laugh. "He's our professor. It's wrong!"

"Grace, you don't know the whole story."

"Then you should've told me. Why am I always the last to know anything? Why didn't you tell me? I could've helped you stop it!"

Victoire sighed. "I wasn't trying to stop it."

Grace's eyes bulged. "What! Why not?"

"Because she knew how much I loved him." Skylar was standing in the doorway, looking afraid to face Grace. Grace stared at her and Skylar took a step forward. "I was the one who pushed Alex into this. He tried to stop. He tried to do the right thing, but I insisted. It's my fault we're in this mess, not his. But I couldn't help it. I'm in love with him."

Grace's jaw set. "You should've listened to him. You ruined not only your life, but his too." After giving Skylar her most disgusted look, Grace stalked past her. "Don't bother talking to me anymore," was the last thing she said to her before slamming the dormitory door behind her.



* * *



The room was nearly packed. All that was left was a small pile of freshly cleaned clothes on the bed. Alexander was careful placing his robes into his trunk. "You're not supposed to see me," Alexander said, looking up.

Skylar took a step forward. "I had to say goodbye." She gulped. "Did they sack you?"

"Your family isn't pressing charges, so they gave me an easy out. I need to be gone by morning."

"But I'm seventeen. It's legal."

"Not when you're my student." He smiled sadly. "We knew this could've happened."

"I kept hoping it wouldn't," Skylar said, her face crumbling.

"Me too," Alexander said, his voice scratchy. Skylar stepped forward and Alexander held her in his arms. She buried her face in his chest. "Og, Skye," he murmured. "It'll be okay."

Skylar felt hot tears run down her cheeks. "I'm sorry. This is all my fault."

He shook his head. "No, it's not."

"Alex, you just got fired because of me!"

Alexander shrugged. "Maybe this is a good thing. You've said so yourself plenty of times that I don't belong here. I belong out there in the real world exploring, researching..."

Skylar sniffled. "What's going to happen to you?"

"I'm going back to my old job. My mentor is in Ukraine and I'm leaving tonight to meet him."

Her eyes widened. "What about your dad?"

Alexander sighed. "His health is getting better and my mum's agreed to return back to work. It'll be tough but I reckon we can make it work." He cupped her face in his hands. "Just know that leaving you is one of the hardest things I've ever had to do."

"I know," Skylar said softly.

Alexander leaned forward and gave her a long, intense kiss. "When you finally graduate this place, look me up, won't you?"

Skylar gulped. "I don't want you to leave."

"I gotta, Skye." He tucked a strand of her hair behind her ear. "Do me a favor?"

"What?" she said tearfully.

"Forgive me. I'm leaving you to deal with this mess. All the rumors, the people talking..."

"I don't care what they say."

"Good. And promise me you'll realize how brilliant and special and beautiful you are."

"Alex..."

"Because you are," he said forcefully.

Skylar looked up at him, their eyes meeting. "I love you," she told him, her voice breaking.

Alexander rested her forehead against Skylar's. "I know. I love you too."

Skylar felt hot tears run down her cheeks. It was the first time they'd told each other that. Alexander leaned in and gave her an intense kiss. "I have to go," he said, finally pulling away from her.

Skylar let go of him and swallowed back the lump in her throat. She nodded. "Okay."

Alexander squeezed her hand tightly before grabbing his trunk and leaving. Skylar stepped back and watched his figure disappear into the distance. She tried to wipe away her tears but it was pointless. They just kept coming.





When You're Gone


When you're gone

The pieces of my heart are missing you

When you're gone

The face I came to know is missing too

When you're gone

The words I need to hear to always get me through the day

And make it OK

I miss you

-Avril Lavigne



* * *



Skylar looked up and watched Grade stride into the Great Hall. Her dark brown hair was down and flowing loosely behind her. Her uniform was, like always, neatly pressed and wrinkle free. She briskly walked past them, determinedly looking straight ahead, avoiding both Victoire and Skylar.

Victoire and Skylar exchanged looks. "You think she's still mad?" Skylar asked, though she already knew the answer.

Victoire eyes Grace as she perched herself neatly at the end of the Gryffindor table along with all the other prefects. She didn't even glance back. "She'll get over it," Victoire finally said. "She always does."

Skylar gave her an exasperated look. "Vic, she won't even look at us!"

Victoire looked around uneasily. People still stared at them wherever they went. "I wish some other people would follow in her lead."

Skylar grimaced. "Just one more week and we're out of here." She shrugged. "By the time we return to Hogwarts from summer break, it'll all have blown over. I'm sure somebody will have gotten knocked up or something. It'll make me hooking up with Alex seem like nothing."

Victoire snorted. "Lovely."

"Nobody will even remember Alex by September."

"You will," Victoire said quietly.

Skylar's face flickered into one of pain but it was quickly replaced by an easy smile. "Maybe. Or maybe I'll be thinking about the fabulous summer I had!"

"Fabulous summer?"

"Yes, I'll be off in New York City doing runway fashion shows and you'll be—"

"—in the boring old Burrow," Victoire finished dully.

"Not boring," Skylar corrected. "Your amazing boyfriend will be there and those adorable knucklehead siblings of yours."

Victoire cracked a small smile. "Why are you so perky, anyway?"

"Because I'm not going to let what happened ruin my summer. I lost the love of my life, so what?"

Victoire stared at her. "Love of your life?"

Skylar's eyes suddenly lit up. "Oh my Godric! Vic, you and Teddy should come visit me in New York this summer!"

Victoire blinked. "What?"

Skylar jumped up and dropped her fork on the plate. "Oh, this is brilliant! I'm going to go start planning it right now. There's so many places we could go…"

She ran off, her dirty blonde hair swinging behind her. Victoire stared after her, her mouth hanging open slightly.



* * *



Sienna peered into the mirror, watching as Victoire's face appeared a moment later. "How is she?" Sienna asked immediately.

"Skylar?" Victoire considered the question. "She's doing just fine, actually."

Sienna gave her a look. "Vic, come on."

"I swear! She's acting like her usual self. I think she's in denial."

"Yeah?"

"Which means that when she finally accepts what happened—"

"—it'll be ten times worse," Sienna said with a sigh.

"Have you spoken to Grace lately?" Victoire asked abruptly.

Sienna shook her head. "Not lately. Why?"

Victoire sighed. "No reason."

"She pissed?"

"Oh yeah."



* * *



Victoire spotted Grace sitting alone at the library. She was intently reading a book, her eyebrows furrowed together. Victoire walked over to her. "Exams are over. What could you possibly be studying for?"

Grace glanced up at her. "This is for pleasure," she replied coolly, holding up her book.

Victoire sighed and sat down. "You still mad?"

"I don't know? Did you still lie to me for months?" Grace shot back.

"It wasn't my secret to tell." Victoire gave her a hard look. "Just like I never told anybody about you and Lucas when you two first started hooking up."

"That's different," Grace said. "Luke was never my teacher."

"She's heartbroken, Gracie. She loves him."

Grace stood up. "Of course you'd defend her." She stalked away.

Victoire watched her leave and shook her head grimly. "So damn stubborn all the time."



* * *



Skylar checked the time. In the seats beside her, Victoire and Grace were nowhere to be seen. Skylar stared down at her hands. She could feel her face burning. Every students' eyes were on her, staring. She could feel their hard gazes on her. Skylar gulped and looked straight ahead at the board. Defense Against the Dark Arts exams had been cancelled and an old, aging wizard had been substituting since Alex's dismissal. Usually, he just had them read different chapters from their textbooks and occasionally practice a defensive spell. Since exams were over, though, there wasn't much for them to do nowadays. The old professor was sitting at the front of the class, shuffling through papers.

"Hey! Sorry I'm late!" Victoire exclaimed, scrambling into the classroom.

The old professor glanced up at her and waved her off. "It's fine. Take your seat, please."

Victoire nodded and made her way toward Skylar. She frowned. "Where's Grace? It's not like her to be late…" Victoire paused and looked around the silent room at everybody staring at Skylar and whispering. "What?" she asked slowly.

"Everybody, settle down!" The old professor, not even bothering to look up from the book he was reading. "Read chapter forty-two please. It's your last Defense class for the year. Once your finished, you may leave. Congratulations on completing the course."

Victoire took a seat and looked at Skylar. "What's wrong?"

Skylar didn't say anything. Instead, she moved her textbooks out of the way to reveal a painting somebody had done on her table. In red paint, whore was written in large letters.

Victoire's jaw dropped. "Who did this?" she demanded furiously.

Skylar shrugged and opened her textbooks. Whore was painted in smaller red letters all over the pages in her books. "I don't know," she said quietly, her voice breaking.

Victoire looked around at the classroom full of snickering students. She stood up suddenly. "Who did it?" she demanded angrily. The class went silent. Victoire's normally angelic and beautiful face had been contorted into one of an angry harpy and everybody was reminded of the ugly side of a veela. "Who?" she hissed.

"Excuse me, young lady!" The professor said, standing up. He looked alarmed. "What's going on?"

Victoire ignored him. "Can't be Gryffindor," Victoire said icily. "A Gryffindor wouldn't be too much of a coward to admit who did it. Who did this?"

"Vic," Skylar said quietly. "It's fine. Sit down."

Frowning, the old professor scurried over. When he saw Skylar's belongings all ruined, he gasped. "Class dismissed. Everybody leave." He looked at Skylar and Victoire. "Except you two. We've got to call the headmaster."



* * *



Grace noticed all her classmates trudging down the hallway, whispering excitedly. "Hey, what's going? Was Defense cancelled?" she asked, pulling aside Julia Roth.

Julia shook her head. "Gracie, where were you?"

"Overslept," she said sheepishly.

Julia bit her lower lip. "We were dismissed early."

"Why?"

Julia looked back at her classmates, who were all continuing down the hallway, still whispering about the incident. "Somebody did something to Skylar," she said.

Grace felt her heart quicken. "What happened?"



* * *



Grace stormed up to her room. Luckily, she found Skylar and Victoire inside. Victoire was pacing back and forth angrily and Skylar was watching her with a grim expression.

"I'm going to kill whoever did this!" Victoire exclaimed.

"I'll help," Grace said furiously.

Victoire and Skylar whipped their heads around. They looked surprised to see Grace.

"Who did it?" Grace demanded.

"Who knows," Skylar muttered. "It could've been anybody. It's what the entire school is thinking."

"They're wrong," Victoire said forcefully.

Grace made her way toward them. "I could kill somebody."

"Well, don't," Skylar said warily. "The school year ends in a few days and this will all be over."

"Is the headmaster doing anything?" Grace wanted to know.

"He says he'd launch an investigation." Victoire shrugged. "But who knows what'll happen."

Grace gritted her teeth. "I swear to Godric, I hate the students at this bloody school sometimes."

Victoire looked at Grace. "So, you're not mad at us anymore?"

"No, I'm still pissed. I'm just more pissed at whoever this piece of shit is that did this." Grace crossed her arms.

Skylar cracked a small smile, but her eyes were glittering with tears. "I don't care what everybody thinks."

Victoire looked at her. "We know, Skye. But it's still wrong."

"I just miss him," Skylar said, her voice breaking. She felt hot tears streaming down her cheeks. "So much…"

Victoire and Grace rushed forward, startled. "Hey, Skye, it'll be okay," Grace said uncertainly.

"It won't…" Skylar sobbed softly. "I love him."



* * *



Skylar took the flask from under her pillow, slipped it in her pocket, and quietly tiptoed out of the room. Victoire and Grace were fast asleep.

Skylar wasn't quite sure where she was going, but for some reason she found herself headed toward the Astronomy Tower. She took the flask out of her pocket and took a long sip. The alcohol burned her throat as it went down, but she didn't care. Skylar came to a sudden halt when she spotted a tall boy with light brown hair. He was standing by the balcony, leaning over the rails, watching the lake with a pensive expression.

"Didn't you graduate?" Skylar finally said after a shocked moment.

Finn turned around and grinned widely at her. "Are you insane? What nutjob would let me graduate?"

Skylar regarded him with hesitance. "What are you doing here, Findley?"

"I heard you might need a friend."

"You heard right," Skylar said tearfully before falling into his arms.

Finn wrapped his arms around her tightly and growled. "I feel like I need to kill somebody."

"Maybe the person who wrote whore all over my stuff."

"What?" Finn said sharply.

"I know," Skylar said grimly. "Everybody here hates me. Nobody will stop talking about what happened."

"Yeah, no kidding. I worship you, Skye! You were sleeping with a bloody teacher." He held his hand up to give her a high five.

Skylar stared at him. "You're such an idiot," she finally said, begrudgingly high fiving him.

"Maybe so. Now, we need to find that idiot who wrote those things on your stuff so that I can murder them."

"It's fine," Skylar told him. "Honestly, I don't even care that much anymore. It's not worse than Alex leaving."

Finn looked at her. "You really liked him, huh?"

"I love him," Skylar said simply. She felt her eyes begin to sting with tears. "It sucks."

Finn looked at her. It was the first time he'd ever heard Skylar talk about being in love. The closest she ever came was when she dated Teddy, and even then she had never admitted to loving Teddy. He didn't know what to say or do. Skylar was one of the strongest people he knew. She didn't cry in front of people. She didn't admit her feelings. Finn and Skylar were a lot alike in many ways. It was why they drove each other crazy most of the time. But it was also why they understood each other in ways their friends never did. Finn knew Alexander had to be pretty special for Skylar to have let herself fall for him, for her to be in tears over him.

"Tell me it'll get better," Skylar said softly, her voice shaking.

Finn hesitated. "It'll get better."

"Are you just saying that because I told you to?"

He grinned. "It's gonna suck for a long time. But one day, it's gonna suck a little less. And eventually it won't suck anymore."

"Do you think I'll ever love somebody like I love him?"

"Godric I hope so," Finn said before pulling her into his arms again.





Young Folks


Usually when things has gone this far, people tend to disappear

No one will surprise me unless you do

I can tell there's something goin' on, hours seems to disappear

Everyone is leaving, I'm still with you

It doesn't matter what we do, where we are going to

We can stick around and see this night through

-Peter Bjorn and John



* * *



Grace peered out the window, watching as Hogwarts got smaller and smaller. She had a strange feeling bubbling in the pit of her stomach that she didn't quite understand.

"What's wrong, Grace?"

Victoire's voice brought Grace out of her trance. Grace turned and looked at her two best friends. "It's weird," she said. "The next time we come back to Hogwarts, it'll be our final year."

Skylar glanced out the window. "I, for one, can not wait until I'm done with that place."

Grace and Victoire exchanged looks. Skylar had had a rough last couple of weeks. The entire school had found out about her relationship with Alexander. Since then, everywhere she went, whispers and giggles followed. Different rumors had spread like wildfire. Some people had even gone as far as tormenting Skylar, writing things in her notebook, coming up with chants about being a slut. It had begun to get to her.

"It'll all blow over soon," Victoire said soothingly.

Skylar bit her lower lip. "I hope so."

Before Grace or Victoire could say anything else, the compartment door slid open. Danielle stood in the doorway, her eyes big and bloodshot. Victoire gave her a startled look. "Dani, hi."

Danielle sniffled. "I just came to say goodbye." Danielle had just completed her final year of Hogwarts…without Christopher. She had cried all through the graduation ceremony, all through their final feast, and all through their last day of classes. She'd been an emotional mess all month. Victoire couldn't blame her, though. Losing Chris was hard enough, but going out into the real world without him? That somehow made his death more real, more permanent.

"Hey, come sit with us for a bit," Victoire said softly. The realization that Danielle would no longer be at Hogwarts next year suddenly hit her. She wasn't ready to lose yet another friend to the real world.

"Okay," Danielle said quietly, stepping inside and closing the door behind her.



* * *



Melissa crossed her arms.

"Relax, Mel," Vincent said soothingly. Melissa shot him an irritated look. He was calmly sipping his tea, casually leaning against the brick wall.

"How are you so calm right now?" she snapped.

He shrugged. "Skylar doesn't hate me."

"She will once she realizes we're dating."

"Don't be so dramatic, Melissa. She's never met me! She can't possibly have anything against me."

"Vince, my last boyfriend basically assaulted her. Something tells me she won't be too thrilled to meet another one of my boyfriends."

Vincent suddenly straightened up. "The train's coming," he said just as the loud chug of the Hogwarts Express came within ear shot.

"I'm so not looking forward to this," Melissa muttered as the train came to a halt and a moment later students poured out of the train.

"There she is," Melissa murmured.

Vincent followed her gaze to a group of four girls stepping off the train. Vincent immediately knew which one was Skylar. She looked so much like Melissa, it was startling. They had the same shade of dirty blonde hair, the same tall, slender frames, the same dark brown eyes, and the same smile. Skylar just looked like a younger, wilder version of Melissa. Her hair was long and wavy, her make up was heavy, and her demeanor was more relaxed and carefree. Melissa, on the other hand, kept her hair short and always neatly parted and pin straight. She always dressed modestly and kept her make up at a minimal. Melissa stood beside him rigidly.

"Here we go," she said, reaching for his hand.

Vincent squeezed her hand and gave her an encouraging smile. He looked back at Skylar. She was laughing, ignoring all the other students staring at her. When she spotted Melissa, her smile immediately hardened. She said something to her dark-haired friend, who turned and nodded when she saw Melissa. She gave Melissa a small smile before turning back to the large group of friends now gathering around them. Skylar slipped away from her friends and started toward Melissa.

"Where's Dad?" Skylar said shortly, coming to a halt in front of Melissa.

"Hi. It's good to see you too. I'm doing great. Thank you for asking." Melissa said sarcastically.

Skylar kept her stony expression.

Melissa sighed. "He got held up at work and asked that I pick you up."

Skylar didn't look pleased. "I see." She glanced at Vincent. "Who are you?" she demanded, her eyes flickering to Melissa and Vincent's entangled hands.

"I'm Vincent!" Vincent said, sticking out his hand politely.

Skylar eyed him warily. "So, I'm guessing you're the new boyfriend."

Vincent let his hand drop when Skylar didn't shake it. "Not exactly new. We've been dating a while now."

"And for that I'm sorry," Skylar said dryly. She flipped her hair back. "Where'd you park the car?" she asked Melissa before swiveling around and stalking away.

Vincent turned to face Melissa and grinned. "I like her."

Melissa looked at him in disbelief. "You're kidding."

"No! I like her. She's feisty. And I can't blame her for hating me after what happened with Rick."

Melissa flinched at the sound of Rick's name. She turned and watched as her younger sister returned to her group of friends to say goodbye. Lucas and Teddy were now there and they each gave her a long hug. The other girls piled on top of her, saying tearful goodbyes.



* * *



Grace watched Skylar leave. She was haughtily trailing after Melissa and some other bloke.

"Grace, let's go." Luke held out his hand for her. "Your mum and Henry are waiting."

Grace smiled and took his hand. "Coming." She waved to Victoire. "I'll see you tomorrow, right?"

"Absolutely," Victoire agreed, giving her a small wave. But she hardly noticed Grace and Lucas leave. She was too wrapped up in finally seeing Teddy again. They were holding hands, staring at each other dreamily.

Lucas pulled grace through the platform barrier. Aimee and Henry were waiting for her on the other side. Grace gasped when she saw them. Henry had hit a growth spurt and was now as tall as she was, not that that was saying much considering how short she was.

"Gracie!" Henry shouted upon seeing her. He sprinted into her arms, nearly knocking her over.

"Hey, Henry. I missed you." Grace said, hugging him tightly.

Aimee came forward. She looked much better than the last couple of times Grace had seen her. Her dark hair was pulled into an elegant bun. She was wearing a modest blue dress with pearls to match. She looked healthier, happier…

"Hey, mum," Grace finally said. She was happy to see the mother she recognized finally return.

"Hello, angel," Aimee said, hugging her tightly.

Luke stood beside her, grinning happily. "It's good to finally have you home, Gracie," he said.



* * *



Skylar stared out the car window, watching the other cars pass by. Melissa and Vincent were in the front seat. Skylar could feel Melissa watching her from the rear view mirror.

"So," Vincent said, no longer able to take the awkward silence, "Skylar, can you drive too?"

Skylar turned to face Vincent. He was different from most of the men Melissa dated. He seemed to have a more relaxed approach to life. His hair was shaggy, making him look like more of a teenager. He wore a t-shirt and shorts and seemed to smile and laugh easily. Skylar did not know how he and Melissa were together considering how uptight and serious Melissa could be.

"No," Skylar finally said. "Dad and Melissa wouldn't let me."

"Why do you need to know how to drive?" Melissa said. "You go to Hogwarts!"

"Because then I could just drive myself home instead of being picked up by you."

Melissa closed her mouth, looking hurt. She began fiddling with the radio awkwardly.

"You know," Vincent said, "I never learned how to drive either. My parents wouldn't even let me take the bloody test!"

Skylar set back in her seat. "Your parents muggles too?"

"Yep!" Vincent said happily. He chuckled to himself. "But I don't blame them. I'm a terrible driver."

"I can attest to that," Melissa muttered.

Vincent looked over at Melissa fondly. "Mel's just upset I almost got us killed when she tried to teach me how to drive," he told Skylar with a light laugh.

"I don't understand what's so difficult about the concept of braking," Melissa said, shaking her head.

Vincent grinned and looked at Skylar. "I'm also bad with my lefts and rights."

"We're here!" Melissa finally announced as they pulled into the driveway.

Skylar quickly hopped out of the car. "Brilliant. When's dad coming home?"

"Not until dinner. I thought Vince and I could keep you company." Melissa gave her a hopeful smile. "I'd love to catch up before you leave for New York with Dad tomorrow."

Skylar shook her head. "Don't. You may have bailed me with the Alexander thing, but that doesn't change things between us, Melissa. I'm fine waiting alone for Dad to get here."

"Okay," Melissa said, hurt.

Skylar started for the door, leaving Melissa and Vincent behind. She waved her wand lazily and her trunk rolled out of the car and followed her into the house.



* * *



Luke trudged up the stairs, carrying Grace's heavy suitcase. He could hear her soft conversation with her family in the kitchen downstairs. He pulled the suitcase into her room. Grace's room was a light yellow color. Her bed and curtains were a bright white. Bookshelves lined her walls and her desk was strewn with old papers and essays. Luke grinned and looked around. He loved Grace's room. It was always so spotless and bright. It somehow relaxed him.

"Grace," he called, "how do you possibly already have papers on your desk?" He strode forward and picked up the scattered papers on her desk. They were old letters from Victoire and Skylar from last December and an old Potions rough draft. There were even half filled job and internship applications.

Grace came into her room. "Did you call me?"

Luke laughed. "Yeah. Why do you have all this rubbish?" he asked, gesturing toward her desk.

Grace looked affronted. "It's not rubbish! Those are memories!"

Luke held up her Potions essay. "The Effects of Moonstone is memories?"

"It could be." She opened her suitcase and began to unpack. "Help me put this stuff away."

Luke sighed and walked over to her suitcase. He grabbed her books. "Why do you own so many heavy things?"

She grinned and pointed to the bookshelves. "Alphabetical order, please!"

Luke stared at her. "You're kidding."

"Why would that be something I joked about?" Grace asked before walking into the closet to put away some of her clothing.

Luke snorted and headed toward the bookshelves. "Godric, I forgot what a bloody nerd you were," he muttered as he began stacking away her textbooks.

"Whatever. You love me." Grace said from the closet.

Luke grinned and looked down. The next book was a Defense Against the Dark Arts one, but there were several pieces of parchment paper stuffed inside the front jacket. Thinking it was just old notes, Luke pulled out the papers. Instead of notes, Luke realized it was a pile of old letters.

Dear Grace,

I know you were hurt when you discovered my relationship with Skylar, but I don't want the mistake I made to affect your future. Although you said you no longer wanted my help, I submitted you for the Daniel Simberloff internship anyway—

Luke pulled out the next letter. It was more official looking.

Ms. Rhodes:

We are pleased to inform you that you've been selected for the Daniel Simberloff internship—

His heart pounding, Luke flipped to the next letter.

Grace,

Congratulations! I was informed you got the Daniel Simberloff internship. It's a very prestigious internship and I urge you take this amazing opportunity—

"What are you doing?" Grace asked from behind him.

Luke swiveled around. He held up the letters. "What's the Daniel Simberloff internship?"

Grace sighed. "Nothing." She rolled her eyes. "Something Professor Alexander recommended me for."

"Gracie, that's amazing!"

"Thanks, but I'm not taking it."

"What! Why the hell not?"

Grace cleared her throat. "I don't want his help."

"Grace, come on!"

"And besides the internship would be all summer."

"So?"

Grace took a deep breath. "So, it's in Costa Rica."

Luke faltered. "Oh."

"I already spent an entire school year away from you and Henry. The summer is supposed to be mine."

"Gracie, I love you, but you're so stupid."

Grace gestured to herself. "Excuse me! Daniel Simberloff internship winner here!"

Luke gestured to Grace. "Girl who's passing up the Simba internship here!"

"Daniel Simberloff," Grace corrected. "I can't believe you don't know who he is. He's the one who—"

"—who gave you this amazing opportunity?"

"No, he's dead. A committee gave me this amazing opportunity."

Luke rolled his eyes. "So, how long until I convince you to go?"

"Luke, I don't want to be far away from you again." She took his hands. "Baby, we just got reunited again."

Luke leaned over and gave her a deep kiss. "I know. But you can't pass this up."

"Yes, I can."

"I won't let you." Luke squeezed her hands. "We made it work while you were away at school. We can make it work again."

"But I don't want to. I want to be with you."

"Hey, Gracie, do you really think I'm going to spend the entire summer without seeing you? I'll come visit you every week. Every day I don't have practice, I will be there right by your side."

"You promise?"

"Absolutely. When do you leave?"

"Theoretically, I'd have to leave by tomorrow night."

Luke's easy smile vanished. "Tomorrow night?"

Grace nodded. "Yeah."

"Okay. Okay. We can make this work." He pressed his lips against hers. "I'll talk to coach and see what days I can have off."

Grace rested her head against his chest. "I hate you for telling me to go."

"It's your future, kiddo." Luke kissed the top of her head. "I love you too much to let you pass this up."



* * *



Vincent was rather surprised when he saw her. He didn't usually run into magical folk at coffee shops.

Skylar was sitting in the back table, flipping through a fashion magazine.

"Skylar, hello!" Vincent greeted her happily.

Skylar glanced up and was surprised to see him. "Oh, hi." She frowned. "Are you and Melissa following me or something. Because I've seen Melissa today way more than I have in the past year."

"No! No! Mel went back to work since you didn't want to hang out with her. I thought we'd left you at the house?"

"Well, Dad won't be back until dinner, so I figured I had to find something to do until he got back."

Vincent nodded. "Mind if I join you? I'll buy you a coffee."

"No, thank you. I already have a latte on the way."

"Can I join you anyway?" Vincent gave her a hopeful smile.

Skylar eyed him warily. "I don't know. It depends. Are you gonna try to get me to forgive Melissa?"

Vincent took a seat across from her. "Not really my place to do that. I'm just trying to bond with my future sister-in-law."

"That somehow sounds worse."

Vincent chuckled. "Godric, you Grey sisters are tough cookies to crack. I don't know who's worse: you or Mel."

Skylar sat back in her seat, looking at him curiously. "You know, I didn't know you were and Melissa were engaged. I figured that'd be something she'd be shouting from the rooftops."

Alexander shrugged. "That's because we're not. Yet, anyway. I'm just optimistic."

Skylar raised her eyebrows. "Clearly."

"Here's your drink, Miss," a waitress said, setting down Skylar's latte on the table.

"Thanks," Skylar muttered. She turned her gaze back to Vincent. "So, since you're hellbent on 'bonding' with me, can I ask you kind of a personal question?"

"Shoot."

"Why are you with Melissa?"

"Excuse me?"

"You two are polar opposites. Melissa's all serious and ambitious and successful. And you're all…perky and happy and always in a good mood and super relaxed all the time. You're so not her type."

"You know, from what I hear, you're all perky and happy too. Except I'm not really getting that vibe from you."

Skylar shrugged. "People change, especially after their sister accuses them of hitting on their fiancé and the entire magical media is calling you a whore for sleeping with your teacher."

"Oh, yeah, I read about that."

"You mean Melissa didn't tell you?"

"Nah. She's super protective of you. Won't say a word against you. She'll barely even talk to me about what happened." Vincent gazed at her intently. "Did he take advantage of you?"

Skylar felt a lump in her throat. "No. We were in love."

"I'm sorry, Skylar. I'm sorry this happened to you."

"Yeah, me too."



* * *



Victoire was still in her pajamas when she opened the door for Grace.

"Wow, you're actually home," Grace spluttered, surprised.

Victoire raised an eyebrow. "It's the first day of break. Where else would I be?"

"With Teddy," Grace replied.

"Right here!" Teddy said. Victoire stepped aside to reveal Teddy sitting at the kitchen table with Louis.

"Of course," Grace muttered, an amused smile tugging at the corners of her lips.

Victoire frowned at her. "Not that I'm not thrilled to see you, Gracie, but I didn't think we had plans until tonight."

"Well, actually, that's why I'm here. I have to cancel on tonight."

Victoire looked disappointed. "Oh, no! We can reschedule though. When are you free?"

"The first of September."

"What?"

Grace sighed. "I'm leaving for an internship later this afternoon. I'll be gone all summer."

"What'd she say?" Teddy called from the kitchen.

"She's got an internship!" Victoire yelled over her shoulder.

"What?" A moment later Teddy appeared behind Victoire. "Grace, that's great! When do you leave?"

"Today." Grace took a deep breath. "I just came to say goodbye."

Victoire stared at her. "First, Skylar decides to prance off to New York and now you're leaving too? Where the hell are you even going?"

"Costa Rica."

"Cool!" Teddy said eagerly.

Victoire frowned at her. "You don't look excited."

"I have to leave Luke again. And my brother. And my mum. Things finally are back to normal and I'm leaving. It sucks."

"But Grace…it's Costa Rica. It's paradise. You're gonna have the summer of your life."

"Swear?" Grace said quietly.

"Absolutely." Victoire grinned. "And you better send letters every week so I can live vicariously through you and Skye."





Hopeless Opus


It's not a picture perfect life

Not what I had in mind

Let me write my own line

-Imagine Dragons



* * *



Victoire sat back. Teddy was bent over, his head in the fireplace. It had been quite a frustrating summer. The number of attacks on muggleborns had become increasingly higher and as a result Teddy had become increasingly busier.

"What now?" Victoire asked as Teddy stood up again.

"Mulbridge's house on fire," he replied curtly, pulling on his robes.

"Mary Mulbridge's house?" Victoire gasped, straightening up.

Teddy nodded. "That's the one. Her parents are muggles."

"Do you still have a security detail following Skye and her family?" Victoire asked, worried.

"Yes, I do." He kissed her forehead. "I've got to go. The Mulbridges are safe but I'm sure those death eaters will attack again. We need to secure the family."

"So, I'm assuming lunch is out of the question?"

"I'm sorry, Vic."

Victoire sighed. "It's fine. Not your fault. I only have those stupid death eaters to blame."

"I promise I will pull some strings with Harry and tonight I'm all yours."

She grinned. "Must be nice having your boss be your godfather."

"It's got its perks."

He started to leave but Victoire grabbed his hand and pulled him back. She gave him an intense kiss. "Just a preview for tonight."

After Teddy left, Victoire went downstairs to the living room. Sienna was fast asleep on the sofa.

"Hey, S, wake up." She plopped down beside her.

Sienna yawned and made a face. "Let me sleep."

"I would but I thought you should know Mary Mulbridge's house was lit on fire."

"What?" Sienna yelped, sitting up. "Little Marry in Hufflepuff?"

"Yep. Apparently she's a muggleborn, so she's beneath all of us purebloods." Victoire rolled her eyes.

"I hate death eaters," Sienna muttered.

"No kidding."

"I still can't believe Skylar is all the way in New York with no protection. She's a half-blood! She's obviously gonna be targeted."

"The sooner she returns to Hogwarts, the better."

Sienna grimaced. "It's sad, isn't? Not being safe in your own home…"

Victoire thought of the stories she'd heard growing up Voldemort and the war. She shuddered, thinking how bad things must've been back then.

"Is Teddy at work?" Sienna asked, stretching.

"Yeah. Finn?"

"At practice with Luke."

"Are you going into the studio today?" Victoire asked.

"Probably not. I haven't really been inspired lately. I reckon I should take some time off. I'm kinda bummed out that I had to cancel my tour early."

"Yeah, but I reckon that was the best decision. With all the attacks on muggles and muggleborns, it was too dangerous to have that many witches and wizards gathered in one place. Besides, you're a public figure now who supports muggleborns. You're a target too now."

Sienna sighed. "Yeah, I know. Teddy and Finn give me the speech everyday. You know, Finn had Teddy set me up with a secret security detail?"

"Yeah, I know. I thought it was a good idea."

Sienna peered out the window and shuddered. "The creepy part is I never even see them."

"Well, duh. Hence the secret security detail."

"It creeps me out."

"But you're safe," Victoire reminded her, "which puts the rest of us at ease."

"I'm surprised Teddy doesn't have a security detail on you too."

Victoire froze. "Wait…"

Sienna made a face. "He probably does, doesn't he?"

Victoire sighed. "Yeah, probably."

Sienna snorted. "Most boyfriends get their girlfriends flowers. Ours gets us wizards to follow us around."

"When did our lives get so weird?" She stood up. "Anyway, you want to go shopping?"

"Yeah, sure. Hey, can we stop by my apartment first? I'm out of clothes."

Victoire rolled her eyes. "You hardly spend the night at your apartment. I don't even know why you pay rent there. Most of the year you're on tour. And when you're not on tour, you spend the night here at Grimmauld Place."

"It's an independence thing," Sienna replied. "Besides, I don't sleep here every night. Sometimes, Finn crashes at my place."



* * *



Skylar looked in the mirror. Somebody was fixing her lipstick, another person was curling her hair, and a third person was strapping on heels to her feet.

"She's got to be ready in five!" A woman with a clipboard announced. "You're running late!"

The people around her scrambled to finish her make up and hair.

"Okay, Skylar, when they're finished with you, line up behind Makenna."

"Got it," Skylar replied. When they were finally finished perfecting her hair, Skylar stood up and removed her robe, revealing a golden dress. Skylar leaned forward for a moment to study her face as the people who'd been working on her scurried to the next model. Skylar grinned and gently touched the picture in the corner of her mirror. It was a picture of her and Alexander in Spain last summer. Alexander had his arm around her and was in the midst of a laugh as Skylar grinned up at the camera.

"Boyfriend?" Makenna asked, coming up behind her.

Skylar's smile faded for an instant. "Not anymore."

"Bummer," Makenna said, squinting her eyes at the picture. "He's a cutie."

Skylar turned her head and smiled. "Isn't he?"

At first, she had had a hard time adjusting to the American accent and the odd expressions they used, but the more time she spent in New York, the more she came to love the city. Sometimes, she felt like she liked it better than Hogwarts, despite the fact that it was magic-free in New York.

"Skylar, go!"

And Skylar was thrust into the lights. At this point, Skylar had become an expert in runway. She strutted down the stage, hardly fazed by all the cameras flashing or bright lights beaming in her face. When she reached the end of the stage and posed, everything suddenly went dark and the music stopped. The cameras stopped snapping pictures and a confused murmur came from the audience.

Skylar paused. She wasn't sure whether she should wait until they fixed the lights and the music or if she should just turn around head back. Before she could decide, however, there was a loud explosion. It all happened so quickly. People began screaming and falling to the ground as masked figures marched inside.

Panicking, Skylar reached for her wand, but then she remembered her wand had been left in her duffle bag backstage. Her heart pounding, Skylar sprinted down the catwalk as green and red lights flashed all around her. Death eaters marched all around her, screaming spells at all the screaming muggles. Skylar ran to her vanity, where a blue duffel bag was resting. She reached inside and grabbed her wand before straightening back up. She hesitated, spotting the picture of her and Alexander taped to her mirror. Skylar grabbed the picture and shoved it in her pocket before charging back.

She didn't know what she was doing. Skylar had no training in dueling or defensive magic. In fact, she was the worst at Defense Against the Dark Arts out of all of her friends.

A Death Eater spotted her and charged at her. Skylar froze for an instant before remembering the wand in her hand. "Stupefy!" she screamed but the spell missed.

The Death Eater let out a sinister chuckle before raising his wand.

"Erm…expelliarmus!" Skylar said quickly. The Death Eater's wand flew out of his hand and across the room. A screaming photographer stepped on it and broke it in half as he ran away from the fire that had erupted by the curtains.

"I've still got hands, you filthy mudblood," the Death Eater snarled before stomping toward her.

Skylar gulped as he knocked the wand out of her hand and pushed her down. "I'm a half-blood…not a muggleborn…" she told him pleadingly.

The Death Eater was about to launch at her when he got thrown back by a green light.

Somebody grabbed her arm and lifted her up roughly. Skylar immediately let out a terrified scream.

"Shhh! I'm a friend of Teddy's."

Skylar stared at him. She instantly recognized the auror robes that Teddy wore. "You're an auror? What's happening?" Skylar asked, her voice breaking. Behind him, she could see one of the make up artists that had done her make up earlier being carried out by a scared looking muggle.

"Death eater attack. Come with me." The auror looked around grimly as more aurors rushed inside to help.

"No! What about the others?" Skylar yanked her arm away from him.

"There are other aurors here and more are on their way. My duty is to protect you."

"Protect me?" Skylar frowned.

Before she could ask more, the auror grabbed her hand and began sprinting away with her. Skylar followed him in a haze as he skillfully blocked any spells coming their way. She looked around at all the unconscious muggles sprawled on the floor. She hoped to Godric they weren't dead. Some were covered in blood; others were still running away in panic. Death eaters and aurors were dueling all over the place.

The auror dragged her out of the building. Police and ambulances were circling the place. Ministry officials were there, attempting to cover up the mess.

Skylar spotted the minister of magic standing beside another wizard with black robes. They appeared to be in a serious discussion. As Skylar passed them, she realized the wizard with the black robes was American.

"…as we feared. Death eaters seemed to be spreading across the globe. It's not just Britain anymore. They've come to the states."

"There've been some attacks in France and Germany as well," the minister said gruffly. "We'll have to meet all of us to discuss the situation…"

The auror took her to a team of Healers disguised as doctors. "Has she been hurt?" a kind older woman asked.

"No," the auror replied professionally. "Not as far as I'm aware."

"We'll run some tests and double check," the Healer told him, gently taking Skylar's hand.

"Alright, but I've been assigned to keep watch of her." The auror followed them into a tent.

Skylar was speechless. She didn't understand what was happening, why a muggle fashion show in the middle of New York would warrant the attention of death eaters, why an auror had been assigned to watch her, why any of this was happening…

Skylar glanced back. The building was now on fire. Policemen and firefighters were being kept from going inside the building as aurors attempted to save the muggles inside.

"How are they going to cover this up?" Skylar asked breathlessly. "All the magic, I mean?"

"They'll make up a story and modify some memories…" the Auror was watching her cautiously. "How are you feeling, Ms. Grey?"

"I'm fine," she replied as the Healer inspected her. "I want to know what's going on."

"Sweetheart, your first priority should be to make sure you're not hurt."

"I'm not hurt!" Skylar snapped. "I had friends in there! Where are they?"

A healer ran into the tent. "We've got bodies coming inside," he told her. "Three are dead. Five are stunned. Eleven are wounded."

"Bring them in!" The Healer straightened up. "And send for backup! I have a feeling more people are going to be brought in."

"Who's dead?" Skylar demanded, standing up. She looked over and her heart skipped a beat. Makenna was lying on a stretcher, her eyes staring up at the ceiling lifelessly. Blood matted her curls and burns scarred her arms and legs. Her clothes were torn and burnt. Skylar let out a scream of horror before throwing her body over Makenna. "No! No, no, no, no…"





I Will Follow You Into The Dark


If Heaven and Hell decide

That they both are satisfied

Illuminate the No's on their vacancy signs

If there's no one beside you

When your soul embarks

Then I'll follow you into the dark

Then I'll follow you into the dark

-Death Cab for Cutie



* * *



Victoire followed Teddy as he quickly marched through the long hallway. Healers with American accents were bustling past them, hurrying from one patient to the next.

"Mr. Lupin!" An American auror waved Teddy over.

"Mr. Gibbons," Teddy greeted curtly.

Mr. Gibbons motioned to the bustling hospital hallway around them. "It's going to be a nightmare to cover this up. We've got nearly a hundred injured non-magical folk here. We couldn't send them to their hospitals because doctors don't have the proper knowledge to heal magical injuries. Plus, we have to modify their memories."

"Doctors?" Victoire asked, her eyebrows raised.

"Muggle healers," Teddy explained.

Mr. Gibbons nodded, looking exhausted. "The French have already arrived. There was also an attack in France. We're waiting for the Russians, Chinese, and Spanish to come now."

Teddy checked his watch. "My godfather should already be here."

Mr. Gibbons nodded. "He's visiting a patient."

"Skylar," Victoire guessed.

Teddy took Victoire's hand. "Give me a few minutes, Mr. Gibbons. I have to go visit a friend of mine. She was in the attack. I'll be at the meeting shortly."

Mr. Gibbons nodded understandingly. "Of course. But please hurry. It's urgent."

"Of course," Teddy replied before leading Victoire away.

"What meeting?" Victoire asked as Teddy continued down the halls.

Teddy glanced at her. "The American ministry of magic has called for a meeting with the most powerful magical countries to try to sort out this death eater mess."

"Is it really that bad?"

"It's not just Britain anymore that's being targeted. Attacks on muggles and muggleborns have been occurring in all the major cities all over the world. I reckon they're trying to send us a message. The problem is the magical communities are getting angry. Their people are getting killed and magic could be exposed. The Americans have called the first meeting. We're not sure what their plan is, but they're angry. Many of their people were murdered tonight."

Victoire swallowed. "But you said Skylar was fine, right?"

"I asked Harry to set Skylar up with one of his best aurors. He got her out of the building immediately. She wasn't hurt or anything. Just shaken up, I reckon."

"I bet," Victoire murmured.

Teddy suddenly turned into a room. The first thing that Victoire saw was Harry. He and Ginny were standing beside a stretcher looking mournful. Victoire saw a lifeless body on the stretcher and her stomach dropped. Skylar. But then she saw the dark hair and realized the lifeless body was not Skylar's. Skylar was standing on the other side of the girl, holding the lifeless body's hand. Victoire took a hesitant step forward. She realized the lifeless body belonged to a girl. Victoire turned her focus to Skylar. She was wrapped in a blanket, her blonde hair tangled and matted with blood. Her make up had run down her cheeks. Her eyes looked puffy and distant as she stared blankly at the girl's face.

"Skylar," Victoire said softly.

Skylar looked over at her and her eyes suddenly filled with emotions. "She was my friend," she whispered, turning back to face the dead girl's body.



* * *



Teddy watched Victoire out of the corners of his eyes. She had her hand resting on Skylar's shoulder as Skylar knelt beside the stretcher, holding her friend's cold lifeless hand.

"The girl?" Teddy asked. He, Harry, and Ginny were standing in the doorway, watching the girls.

Harry pursed his lips. "American. She wasn't a witch. Just an innocent bystander."

Ginny looked over at Skylar sadly. "She was young, Harry. Had her whole life ahead of her."

"I don't know how to begin to fix this mess. I don't know how this sudden death eater uprising has happened."

Ginny's eyes glittered with tears, but she didn't cry. Ginny hardly cried. Teddy figured growing up with so many brothers had toughened Ginny up. Not to mention, all the losses she'd faced at such a young age...Teddy sometimes wondered if Ginny had cried herself out after the second war against Voldemort. "Her name was Makenna," Ginny said quietly.

"We'll do justice by her," Teddy told her.

"We'll do justice by all the lives lost tonight," Harry agreed. He checked his watch. "We should go. I'm sure the others are waiting for us."

"And I should get in contact with Skylar's father," Ginny murmured. "He should be arriving any minute now."

Teddy nodded. He'd nearly forgotten about the meeting. "Hold on a minute," he muttered to Harry before walking over to Victoire and Skylar. "Hey, guys, I have to go. I'll be back as soon as I can."

Victoire nodded. "Go," she told him. "The others need you."

Teddy nodded. He gave Skylar's arm a comforting squeeze before turning away.

"Teddy," Skylar said suddenly.

He turned. "Yeah?"

"The auror who saved me...he's been following me for a while, hasn't he?"

Teddy sighed. "Skye, I couldn't let you go to another country without some sort of security."

Skylar gulped. She looked back at Makenna. "It should've been me. He should've saved the others before he saved me. I had magic. I could've protected myself. The others...they were muggles. They didn't have magic on their side. They needed him more than I did."

"No," Teddy told her firmly. "Skye, you have no defensive training or dueling training. You can't feel guilty because you survived and your friend didn't."

Victoire took her hand. "The guilt...it'll kill you. You can't let it," she said quietly, thinking of Chris.

Skylar turned and looked at her, her eyes brimming with tears. She didn't say anything as Victoire squeezed her hand and Teddy slowly turned and walked away because really what could she say?



* * *



Makenna's funeral was held on a Sunday. The story had been that a crazy gunner got into the show and killed twenty-one people. Five had been models. Two were backstage workers. One was a make-up artists. And the rest were members of the audience. The attack had been all over the muggle and qizardsing news. Memorials for the lost were displayed all over New York City. Security had tightened everywhere, not that the muggles noticed. Aurors were all over the place, disguised as regular muggles or lurking in the shadows. The American president had several new aurors disguised as muggles in his secret service team. The entire wizarding world was under high alert.

Not that Skylar really cared. She had begun to resent magic and the wizarding community. If it weren't for their arrogance and prejudices against muggles, Makenna would still be alive. Why would she want to be a part of a world that rejected her? After all, she was half muggle too.

"Skylar." Victoire wore a simple black dress with no make up. Yet, somehow she still looked like the most beautiful girl in the room. She held out her hand. "It's almost starting."

"Okay," Skylar said numbly, taking Victoire's hand and following her into the church.

Since the attack at the show, Victoire had stayed in New York to help Skylar. Teddy and Harry had to return to Britain, where they were meeting with the heads of different countries to try to eradicate the death eater problem. Grace had wanted to come, but Skylar told her to stay in Costa Rica and enjoy the amazing internship she'd been giving. Finn and Luke were busy with the Quidditch season being in full swing. Security was a nightmare for them as their fame steadily grew with each game they won. Sienna, whose tour had to be cancelled early due to several attempted attacks at her concerts, was back in the recording studio and busy dealing with her mother, who was unhappy the tour had to be cancelled early.

Skylar's dad was there, though. And so were Melissa and Vincent. They kept their distance from Skylar and allowed Victoire to take the lead, knowing she probably knew how to deal with Skylar the best. Still, though, they were always there, carefully watching over her. As Victoire led Skylar to a seat, Skylar turned her head slightly. Her dad was right beside her, handing Melissa tissues. When he noticed Skylar watching him, he gave her a small, comforting smile that Skylar found difficult to return.

Instead, Skylar turned and focused her attention on the casket at the front of the church. She could barely make out Makenna as a group of people were gathered around her, crying softly. Skylar recognized her mother, who had the same dark hair and green eyes as Makenna. She looked heartbroken as a man with graying hair gently held her, his own eyes bloodshot. Skylar remembered Makenna saying she had a big family. Four brothers, she had said. Skylar watched the group of boys with ages ranging from early twenties to early thirties crying into each other. Skylar felt a lump in her throat and Victoire squeezed her hand almost as if she'd read her mind.

The service started and everybody shuffled to their seats. It was at times like these that Skylar wished her mum was still alive. Maybe her mum could make sense of this, why so many innocent people were killed for no reason.





Calls Me Home


I'm coming home

From all the places

I have been

With nothing

But a voice within

That calls me…

Calls me home

Back in the day

When I was younger

I was so lost and proud

I've gained the world

But it will never

Compare to what i've earned

-Shannon LaBrie



* * *



Grace took a step back. Despite the familiar sounds of London behind her and the general buzz of excitement for the start of the school year, Grace was finding it difficult to smile. She took a deep breath and stepped through the platform. Posters of wanted death eaters lined the brick walls as students and their parents scurried about with their luggage and owls. Grace bent over and picked up an old newspaper from the floor. On the cover was a picture of a house on fire beneath the caption that read Three Killed in Death Eater Attack.

"Grace," Luke said quietly.

She showed him the copy of the Prophet. "More attacks."

He took the paper from her. "I know."

"Just like the with Skylar."

Luke cupped her face in his hands. "I know, baby, but Skylar's okay. Remember?"

Grace tossed the paper aside. "But those three people aren't. They're dead."

Luke took her hand. "Come on. Let's go find the others."

Grace nodded numbly before following him onto the train. "Yeah, okay."

It didn't take them long to find the others. Skylar and Victoire were in their usual compartment with Teddy.

"Gracie!" Victoire squealed upon seeing her.

Skylar glanced up and grinned. "How's it going, Gracie?"

Grace looked at them. They both looked the same like nothing every happened. Skylar's hair was perfectly straightened, hair make up done, and her skin slightly tanner than usual from the summer. Nobody would know anything happened just by looking at her.

"Not bad. You?" Grace finally said.

Skylar and Victoire exchanged looks. "I've been better,"

"Yeah, no kidding," Grace said before hugging the girls.

"Godric, it was horrible, Gracie," Skylar muttered.

"I bet."

Teddy cleared his throat. "It's good to see you, Gracie."

"You too, Teddy." Her smile faded slightly when she noticed the dark circles under his eyes and how much thinner he'd gotten.

He gave her a tired smile. "How was Costa Rica?"

Grace cleared her throat. "Brilliant. But I missed you guys." She slipped her hand into Luke's and smiled at him. "Especially this one."

Skylar sat back down. "It's funny, isn't it? It's our last year at Hogwarts and I'm not the least bit excited." She turned to look at them. "None of it seems worth it anymore, you know?"

Victoire looked at her. "Skye…"



* * *



Grace watched as Skylar closed the compartment door behind her and disappeared.

"You worried about her?" Victoire asked, setting down her magazine.

Grace nodded. "She's different."

"She went through a lot this summer."

"The girl—Makenna—she was Skye's friend?"

"Yeah. They modeled together."

Grace shook her head. "I can't imagine losing a friend."

Victoire looked at her. "You can't?"

Grace's eyes widened. "Vic, I completely forgot about Chris!"

Victoire gave her a wry smile. "Must be nice. To forget, I mean."

Grace bowed her head shamefully. "I'm sorry, Vic. I can't believe I forgot about Chris."

"Don't be. You've moved on. You let go of the pain. That's what you're supposed to do."

"Have you moved on?" Grace asked her quietly.

"My best friend died because he risked his life to save mine and I watched it all happen. I reckon I'll never forget that."

"You reckon Skylar will ever really forget Makenna?"

Victoire shook her head. "No, I don't think she will."



* * *



Skylar made her way toward the carriage, fully aware of all the stares and whispers following her. She remembered she used to be jealous of all the attention Victoire got and suddenly she wished the attention was back on Victoire.

Grace sighed. "I knew we shouldn't have waited in the train so long. All the carriages are full!"

Victoire spotted Gretchen Wile, a Gryffindor in their year. "We can just hop on with Gretchen. Oi, Gretchen! Over here!"

Gretchen, who was in the midst of climbing inside the carriage, stopped. "Yeah?"

"Mind if we ride with you?" Grace asked, striding forward. "You got the last carriage."

Gretchen's eyes quickly flickered toward Skylar. "Erm…yeah, of course," she said, her eyes quickly returning to Grace.

"Brilliant," Victoire said happily. "Come on, Skye!"

"Did you see the way she looked at me?" Skylar muttered.

Victoire glanced at her. "Don't be silly. It's Gretchen."

As the girls settled themselves and the carriages started moving forward, Grace smiled at Gretchen and her friends. "Did you guys have a nice break?"

Gretchen smiled. "Pretty good. Yours?"

"Can't complain," Grace said with a shrug. A small smile tugged at the corners of her lips, thinking about her summer in Costa Rica.

"Although," Michelle Phipps, a seventh year Ravenclawe, interjected, "our break wasn't as eventful as Skylar's."

Skylar tensed. Victoire and Grace exchanged looks.

"We read all about the attack in the papers," Jenny Vu said eagerly, straightening up.

Skylar didn't say anything.

"It was really scary sounding," Michelle added.

Victoire cleared her throat. "I reckon Skye doesn't want to talk about it," she said icily when Skylar didn't say anything again.

Gretchen looked at her friends apprehensively. "Yeah, of course, Victoire. But you can't blame us for being curious."

"You can't be serious," Grace said.

Michelle looked at Skylar. "Aw, Skye, doesn't mind. Do you, Skylar?"

Skylar blinked and looked at Victoire. "You're right. I'm having a blast coming back to Hogwarts," she muttered sarcastically.

Victoire cracked a small smile. "Hey, it'll get better."

Skylar shrugged and turned back to the girls, politely declining to tell the story about how she witnessed the death of her friend. Skylar didn't even bother telling Victoire that things probably would not get better. Maybe a year ago, Skylar would've been stronger, able to defend herself, but too many things had happened. Christopher was dead for being a muggleborn. Alexander was miles away in another country, driven away by the school and the media. Makenna was dead for being at the wrong place at the wrong time. Skylar just didn't see the point of it anymore. What was the point of magic if it couldn't save the ones she loved, if it brought her misery? What was the point of returning to Hogwarts? She just wanted to get away from it all.



* * *



Finn and Luke looked at each other. "Ready?" Finn asked.

Luke grimaced. "Nope."

Both boys sighed before opening the double door. They were clamored by reporters and screaming fans. Instantly, the giant bodies of guards assigned to them were there, blocking the flashing cameras and overzealous fans.

Finn sighed. "If it weren't for the threat of Death Eaters, this might actually be fun."

"Yeah, we would actually be able to talk to our fans without it being a security threat," Luke grumbled.

"This way," their head of security barked at them.

They boys followed the guards until they gave the all clear that it was safe to disapparate.

"Nobody followed them," one of the security detail reported once Finn and Luke apparated in front of a building with loud music and laughter coming from inside it.

"Go on in," another security guy told them. "The building is secure."

Finn and Luke walked through the doors into the bar. The Weird Sisters' music was playing in the background. A few girls were dancing and most people were crowded around the bar in the center. Luke nudged Finn and nodded toward the booth in the corner, where Sienna was seated. She was signing her name on what looked like a picture and talking to a very eager girl.

Finn and Luke started toward her. "Hey, S," Luke said, sliding into the seat opposite her.

Sienna looked up and smiled at them. "Hey!"

Finn plopped into the seat next to her. "Hey, baby," he said, pecking her cheek.

The girl Sienna had been talking to looked like she was going to start hyperventilating. "Guys," Sienna said, motioning toward the girl, "this is Leah Foster."

"Hi," Luke said, "I'm—"

"Lucas Bishop!" she finished for him. "And Findley West. I'm a huge fan of the Chudley Cannons. Your season has been amazing!"

"Thanks," Finn said with a smug grin. "You know, I taught Lucas everything he knows."

"Yeah, everything I know not to do."

"Excuse me, ma'am," a tall, muscular man said. "You're going to have to move along."

Sienna rolled her eyes. "Sal, she's just a fan."

"It's protocol, Ms. Ellis," Sal said.

Leah's eyes widened. "Yes, of course. It was brilliant meeting you. All of you! Thanks for the autograph!" she said as the security, Sal, led her away.

"I hate all this new security," Sienna grumbled.

Luke and Finn looked at her. "Better than being killed by Death Eaters," Luke said.

"Look who finally showed up!" Teddy said, carrying a tray of drinks.

"You lose the auror gig?" Finn snorted. "Waiting tables now?"

"Can it, West, or you don't get any of Campbell's finest old Whiskey I brought you." Teddy sat down next to Luke. "First round's on me," he said as everybody reached for their glass.

"Have you talked to Vic today?" Sienna asked him. "How was their first day back?"

Teddy sighed. "Yeah, I talked to her."

"And?" Luke said.

"You guys aren't gonna like it."

"Why?" Finn frowned.

"Some of the students are giving skye a bit of a hard time," Teddy replied.

"About the attack?"

"Apparently people keep coming up to her, asking about what happened and offering their condolences."

"That's not too bad," Luke said fairly. "It's annoying as hell, but it's not too bad. I mean, do you remember what everybody was like to Vic after Chris's accident?"

Teddy cleared his throat. "There's more…"

Sienna took a sip from her drink. "Oh boy…"

"There were some badges going around…" Teddy said.

"What kind of badges?" Finn asked, his eyes flashing.

Teddy sighed. "They have Skye's face on them with the words slut written over it. Apparently, not everybody has forgotten about the whole Alexander thing. There are crazy rumors going around and girls have turned their backs on her. It's a mess."

Sienna shook her head. "That's the last thing she needs right now."

"How is she dealing with it?" Luke asked.

Teddy shrugged. "She hasn't killed anybody yet. So, I would say pretty well."

"Yet," Finn said, rubbing his hands together. "What I wouldn't give to see Skylar go off on one those bitches."

Sienna giggled. "It's only a matter of time before she loses it and finally puts those people in their place."

Luke checked his watch and frowned. "What are tonight's plans? It's getting kinda late."

"We could just stay here tonight and order some more drinks," Teddy suggested.

Sienna made a face. "I kind of want to go to a real restaurant. I'm starving."

"I'm kind of hungry too," Luke piped up.

"How about you?" Teddy asked Finn.

Finn looked over at Sienna fondly. "I go wherever she goes."

Teddy rolled his eyes. "Dinner it is. How about that new place in Diagon Alley?"

"Sounds good," Luke said, chugging down the last of his drink.





Everybody Talks


Oh my my shit

Everybody talks, everybody talks

Everybody talks too much

-Neon Trees



* * *



"If we tighten up security, I'm sure we can reschedule the tour dates," Lucille Ellis said as she paced back and forth.

"I would highly advise against that," Sienna's head of security, Thomas, said.

"This is her career!" Lucille exclaimed.

"And she won't have one if she's dead," Clark Ellis inserted angrily.

"Clark, you have always been to protective. You don't understand the industry like I do. She disappears for a few months and that's it! She'll be old news. Sienna has to stay relevant."

"I'm not putting my only daughter in danger of getting killed by death eaters so that she can stay relevant."

"If I may," Sienna's publicist said, "there are other ways in which we can keep Sienna in the public eye without having her go back on tour."

"Or we can take this time to start working on her next album," one of Sienna's producers suggested. "I've seen some of her songs already. They sound brilliant."

"We still have momentum from her last album! We need to be on tour." Lucille glared at everybody around her.

Sienna, who was sitting lazily on the couch, yawned. "Just out of curiosity, does anybody care what I think?" she asked, sounding bored.

"Sweetheart, you love being on tour," Sienna's mum said.

"Not when my fans are in danger," Sienna said decisively. "No tour, Mum. I know you're my manager, but this is my call."

"S, I'm home!" Finn announced, slamming open the apartment's front door. He walked into the living room, carrying a brown bag of take out. He stopped suddenly, surprised to see about twenty people gathered in Sienna's tiny living room. "Oh, shit," he said. "I only brought enough food for two people."

Clark chuckled. "Don't worry, Findley. We already came to a decision. We're leaving."

There was shuffling as everybody starting getting up and saying their goodbyes.

Finn set the food down and went over to shake Clark's hand. "It's good to see you, Mr. Ellis."

"You too, Findley," Clark said happily. "I watched your game last week. You played brilliantly."

"Thanks," Finn said as Sienna came over to him.

"Hey, baby," she said giving him a quick kiss.

Finn pulled her close and wrapped his arm around her waist. "So, what was going on here."

Sienna rolled her eyes. "Mum."

"Ah." Finn smiled. He looked over at Lucille, who was yelling at a tired looking man. "Why is she upset?"

"She wants Sienna to go back on tour," Clark said, shaking his head.

Finn tightened his grip around Sienna. "No way in hell. I just got my girl back. Besides, I like her alive."



* * *



Skylar looked over her shoulder discreetly. Most Gryffindors in the common room were busy doing homework, leaving for class, or chatting with their friends. Hardly anybody noticed Skylar in the corner.

"Skye?" Victoire said, tapping her shoulder.

Skylar jumped and covered the parchment paper in front of her with a book. "Oh, hey! Victoire! I didn't see you there," she said nervously.

Victoire raised her eyebrows. "Yeah, sorry. I didn't mean to sneak up on you in the middle of the day with fifty other people also in the room."

"Alright, what do you need?"

Victoire hesitated. "Just wondering if you were planning on going to Charms today."

"Why would I go to Charms?"

"Because I can only cover for you so many times before it starts looking like you're skipping."

"But I am skipping."

Victoire glared at her. "I don't understand why you don't want to go to class."

"Because if I hear Freya Lewis whisper about me and Alex one more time, I am going to punch her in the face. And if I punch somebody, I might get expelled and nobody wants that."

Victoire glared at her. "And if you keep skipping class, you might get expelled."

"Fine. I'll go to class, but you have to promise to hold my bag when I take down Freya."

"I'll hold your things, but you could try the alternative."

Skylar looked at her. "Which is?"

"Not punch stupid Slytherin girls," Victoire said with a shrug. "They may deserve it, but are they worth getting into trouble for?"

Skylar considered it. "Honestly, getting detention for giving Freya a black eye would totally be worth it."

Victoire snorted. "Whatever. We've got to get to class. Come on. You don't want to be late."

Skylar sighed. "Let me just pack up my things. I'll catch up with you."

"Okay," Victoire said before heading toward the portrait hole.

Skylar slipped her books back into her bag and sighed. She looked at the parchment paper she'd been looking at earlier. It was a long letter written in slanted cursive. At the end of the letter, her fingers lingered on where Alexander's signature was written. Sighing, she finally put the letter in her bag and followed Victoire out.

Skylar hadn't told anybody that Alexander had been writing to her. As far as anybody knew, the last time Skylar had spoken to Alexander was the day he had left Hogwarts for good. But that was just simply not true. She'd kept all the letters he'd written in a small box beneath her bed and she would read them whenever it got too difficult at school. Skylar hoped the letters she'd written to him were just as comforting to him whenever he was feeling down.

As she walked down the hallways with Victoire, Skylar could feel all eyes on her. Whispers followed them as they strutted down the hallways. Victoire and Skylar were used to this kind of attention what with Vic being a Weasley and just a stunning veela, but lately the attention hadn't been focused on Victoire. It'd been all about Skylar.

"It's been over a month and people still haven't forgotten," Skylar murmured as a few girls pointed to her and shrieked with laughter.

Victoire shot them a dirty look. "Trust me, they're just jealous you got with Professor Alexander. Every girl in this ruddy school had a crush on him."

Skylar sighed. Victoire wasn't wrong, but that didn't make things easier. Skylar hated having to pretend she didn't hear the whispers about her or having to ignore the rumors being spread about her. It was enough to drive anyone mental.



* * *



Teddy spotted Eva sitting by herself in the booth in the corner. There was a half-eaten sandwich in front of her and she was reading the Daily Prophet, her eyebrows furrowed.

"Hey, Eves!" Teddy said, sliding into the booth opposite her.

Eva glanced up, surprised. "Oh, hey, Teddy."

"You here alone?" he asked.

She nodded. "Lunch break."

"Oh. What are you reading?"

"About all the muggle attacks." She bit her lower lip. "Listen, I read about Skylar—"

"She's fine," Teddy assured her. "A little shaken up. She lost a good friend of hers in the attack. But she's fine."

"That's good." Eva swallowed. "So, how've you been?"

"Pretty good. A little tired. Those damn death eaters have us working overtime."

"I don't know why Death Eaters still exist," Eva murmured. "What's wrong with people?"

"I don't know."

"You reckon things will ever go back to normal?

"I hope so," Teddy said quietly.

Eva gave him a small smile. "Are you here alone too?"

"Erm…actually…"

That was when Eva spotted them. Finn and Sienna walked inside the restaurant, holding hands. Luke was close behind them. They stood by the entrance, looking around for Teddy.

"Ah," Eva said, nodding toward his friends. "Still inseparable, I see. Even after all this time."

Teddy grimaced. "I know you're not really a fan Finn and Sienna."

"Teddy, please, that was so long ago. Hogwarts seems like another lifetime ago. It's fine. I've moved on."

Teddy stood up. "Good. I'm glad." He glanced back at his friends, who still hadn't spotted him. "Anyway, I'll see you around, okay?"

Eva smiled and nodded. "Yeah, okay." She watched Teddy give her a small wave before turning around to meet up with his friends. Sienna pulled him into a tight hug and Luke and Finn clapped his back. The four of them, already laughing at something or other, made their way to a table. Teddy had already forgotten about Eva. Not that Eva blamed him. He had so much going on in his life.



* * *



Sienna narrowed her eyes. "Hey, isn't that Eva leaving?"

Teddy nodded as he scanned the menu. "Oh, yeah. She was taking her lunch break here."

"How is she?" Finn asked. "You know, I haven't seen her in a while."

"I heard she got a promotion a few weeks ago," Teddy said. "She's no longer an intern."

"Oh, good for her," Luke said, faintly impressed.

"She dating anybody?" Sienna asked.

"I think I saw her with a bloke this one time a few weeks ago at the Ministry, but I'm not really sure."

Finn cleared his throat uncomfortably. "Yeah, I really fucked up with Eva."

"You still feel bad?" Sienna asked.

"Sometimes."

Luke frowned. "You can't feel guilty forever. It seems like she's moved on."

"Yeah, that's true," Finn muttered.

Teddy checked his Witch Mirror quickly and sighed.

"Are you waiting for a call?" Sienna asked him.

"Sort of. Vic said she'd call." Teddy shrugged. "I'm a little worried about Skye."

"Are they still giving her a hard time at school?" Luke asked.

"Yeah," Teddy muttered. "It's actually getting worse."

"She's tough," Sienna said quietly. "She can handle it."

Finn shook his head. "This is all Alexander's fault. What kind of idiot sleeps with his student?"

Teddy shrugged. "I don't know."



* * *



Skylar yawned, half-listening to Professor Longbottom go on about a flesh-eating plant. Grace and Skylar were on the other side of the greenhouse, attempting to plant the plant without making skin contact.

The truth was Skylar didn't really care for magic anymore. She felt disillusioned by the entire magical community and didn't really care how she did in school or what grades she got. Skylar wasn't sure she really wanted anything to do with Hogwarts or the magical community. Magic was one something she loved and cherished, but it had let her down. It had rejected her completely and Skylar was done loving something that kept bringing her down. She didn't want to be a part of a community that killed innocent people for not possessing magic, that discriminated against muggles and muggleborns, and that took away so many of the people she loved. Her mother was gone. Alexander was gone. And now Makenna was gone too. How many more innocent people was the magical community going to take away from her?

The bell rang, signaling for the end of class, and Neville straightened up. "Alright, I guess we'll finish off here. Have a good evening the rest of you and happy Halloween!"

"Happy Halloween!" several people murmured as they filed past Neville to head back up to the castle.

"Vic, Grace, can you two stay behind and help me clean up?" Neville asked as the girls struggled to get their gloves off.

"Sure," Grace said, shooting Skylar a look.

Eager to get out of staying behind to help clean, Skylar hopped out of her seat. "I'll see you guys at dinner!" she said cheerfully before scurrying out.

"Lucky," Victoire muttered to Skylar as Neville handed her a broom.

Skylar slipped on her backpack and made her way back up to the castle along with her classmates. Everybody around her was chattering happily, discussing the Halloween Feast the next day.

"I reckon muggles have it right," a girl behind Skylar was saying. "I would love to dress up for Halloween."

"What are you talking about? Muggles dress up as us for Halloween!" Her friend said with a snort.

"So, we can dress up like muggles then," the girl retorted.

"I reckon it'd be cool to be one of the Weird Sisters for Halloween," a guy said.

"Ooh, I'd want to be a famous Quidditch player," somebody else said.

"I'd want to be something scary," another person said thoughtfully.

"What about you, Skylar?" A girl asked kindly.

Skylar turned to find Gina Cooper and her friends all looking at her.

Skylar thought about it. "I don't know. My sister and I used to dress up like witches when we were little and would go trick-or-treating."

"Trick or what?" Bradley Dobbins asked.

"It's a muggle thing," Skylar replied.

"But you are a witch. Why would you dress up like one?" Gina wanted to know.

Freya Lewis rolled her eyes. "Skylar isn't a witch. She's a bitch."

Skylar turned to look at her, her eyebrows raised. "Excuse me?"

"I mean, what else would you call somebody that was screwing around with a teacher."

"Freya, come on," Gina said in low voice.

Bradley and some of his buddies looked between the two girls uneasily.

Skylar snorted. "You've really got to let this go, Freya. Why do you care so much anyway?"

"I don't. I just think you're a slut and pathetic."

Skylar sighed. "Dammit, it's too bad Victoire isn't here."

"Why's that?"

"She said she'd hold my bags," Skylar replied, shaking her head.

"Hold your bag for what?" Freya said, confused.

Skylar gave her her most charming smile. "For this," she said before balling her hands into a fist and punching Freya with all the strength she could muster.





Hold My Hand


Hold my hand,

I can hear the ghost calling.

Help me stand,

I can see the sky falling

And I need you to know,

I can't do this alone.

Hold my hand, my hand, my hand

Hold my hand, hold my hand

I need you now

Hold my hand, hold my hand

I need you

-The Fray



* * *



Melissa glared at Skylar. "A few months ago, I was in here because you had an inappropriate relationship with your professor. And now you're punching people!" she screamed.

Skylar leaned against the desk lazily and rolled her eyes. "In my defense, she was asking for it."

Vincent was still laughing, trying his hardest to keep a straight face. Melissa shot him a filthy look.

"Skylar, you have to be more careful. You could've gotten expelled!"

"Oh, they're not going to expel me."

"Vincent, will you stop laughing!" Melissa snapped furiously. "I brought you along to help!"

Vincent chuckled. "You wanna know what I think?"

"Not really," Melissa growled.

Vincent looked at Skylar. "I think you should've clocked her harder. A broken nose is not enough."

Skylar grinned. "You should've seen her face after I did."

"Stop encouraging her!" Melissa hissed.

Vincent stepped forward. "Mel, sweetheart, relax. She didn't kill anybody. And if you ask me, Skylar's right. That girl was asking for it. I mean, who goes around saying that kind of rubbish!"

"It's school. Kids are cruel. Skylar should know better."

Skylar frowned. "You know, I still don't know why you're here and Dad isn't. How come every time I get into trouble, you come? And not Dad?"

"Because I'm listed as your emergency contact with anything involving magic," Melissa said with a sigh. "And we're not changing that."

Vincent was still grinning. "Honestly, I still can't believe you punched her so hard, you broke her ruddy nose. Classic!"

"That's it! Get out!" Melissa snapped, pointing to the door. "You're not helping."

Vincent rolled his eyes. "I'll see you later, Skye," he said before easily strolling out of the headmaster's office.

Skylar froze, eyeing the large diamond ring on her sister's finger. Fuming, Melissa turned back to Skylar. "I'm done playing nice. When the headmaster returns, you will apologize for your behavior and gladly accept your detentions. I can't believe you're getting off so easily."

Skylar stared at her sister, her mouth hanging open.

"What?" Melissa demanded.

"You're engaged again?" Skylar finally said quietly, pointing to Melissa's ring.

Startled, Melissa glanced at her hand. "Oh…erm…yes…" She cleared her throat uncomfortably. "For a few weeks now. I wrote to you."

"I throw your letters away," Skylar said.

"Oh, gee, thanks. I'm glad my letters mean so much to you."

Skylar frowned. "Dad never mentioned it."

Melissa shrugged. "He probably assumed you knew." She took a deep breath. "Listen, I know you and I have had our differences and it's my fault, but I would still really love it if you came to the wedding. It's going to be in February."

"That's soon. What's the rush?"

"No rush. It was just the first opening at the location we wanted." Melissa swallowed. "So, are you coming?" she asked hopefully.

"I don't think so," Skylar said quietly, trying her best to ignore the hurt expression that had crossed Melissa's face. "Just because you apologize, it doesn't change what happened. You still chose Rick over me, still believed him over me. I can never forgive you for that, for what you said to me after. For allowing that scumbag to get away with taking advantage of me. The Melissa I thought I knew would never allow that to happen. You're not the person I thought you were Mel, and there's nothing that can be done to change that. I'm sorry."

Melissa swallowed. "I understand," she said, her voice cracking. After taking a shaky breath, she straightened up. "Anyway, I should go. Please do what the headmaster says, Skylar. He's giving you an easy out." She started to walk away, her high heels clacking after her.

"Hey, Melissa," Skylar called.

Melissa turned her head, her hand on the doorknob.

"For what it's worth, Vincent's a good guy. I'm glad you're with him." Skylar gave her a hint of a smile.

Melissa nodded. "Yeah, me too," she said softly before opening the door and leaving Skylar behind.



* * *



"So, on a scale of one to ten, how mad are you?" Skylar asked once she'd climbed through the portrait hole and spotted Victoire and Grace waiting for her by the fireplace.

Victoire thought about it. "Eight. But only because I wasn't there to hold your bag like I said I would be."

Skylar laughed. "It's okay."

Grace crossed her arms. "I'm more mad at that Freya bitch. Honestly, I've been this close to punching her for ages!"

Skylar gave her a surprised look. "You're condoning violence?"

"No! I just also think she had it coming with all the rubbish she's been putting you through since the start of the year. I mean what with the number of times she's called you a whore, was she expecting you to never finally snap?"

Victoire laughed. "Good point."

"So, how much trouble are you in?" Grace asked Skylar.

"Detention every Friday and Saturday for a month."

Victoire winced. "Sounds rough."

"It means I'll probably miss your game next weekend," Skylar told her.

"That's okay. Totally worth the punch."

"Agreed," Skylar muttered.

"You know Freya isn't going to let this go," Grace said.

Skylar looked at her. "You don't think I scared her off?"

"No, I think you probably made her angrier. She'll come for you."

Victoire raised her eyebrows. "You think?"

"Oh, please. This isn't like a bad episode of Gossip Girl. She's not 'coming' for me."

"Gossip Girl?" Grace stared at her. "What the hell are you talking about?"

"It's a…muggle thing…" Skylar shook her head. "I need to get some more muggle friends. Or at least muggle born friends."

Victoire smiled. "You can hang with Grandpa Weasley. He's a muggle expert."

Skylar giggled. "All he would wanna do is talk about light bulbs and electricity."

"He is a big fan of electricity, whatever that is," Victoire replied.

"So, how mad was Melissa?" Grace asked.

Skylar shrugged. "Not too bad. Vincent calmed her down a bit, I think."

"This Vincent a good guy?" Grace asked. "Or is he another Rick?"

"No, I think he's a good guy. They're actually engaged. Melissa asked if I wanted to come to the wedding."

Victoire's eyes widened. "What'd you say?"

"I said hell no. I don't have much like when it comes to Melissa and anything wedding-related she does."

"True," Grace said. "It's just too bad. You two used to be so close."

"Just like you and your dad used to be so close," Skylar reminded her.

Grace shrugged. "Merlin, families can really fuck you up."

"No kidding," Skylar replied.

Victoire raised her eyebrows at them. "You know, you two are really bumming me out. I don't under stand why you can't just make up."

"When Bill knocks up some younger bimbo, you can come talk to me," Grace told her.

Skylar nodded. "And when Dominique accuses you of making a move on her fiancé, let me know how you'll feel."

"Especially when that fiancé was the one who made a move on you," Grace added.

"Exactly."

Victoire shrugged. "Fair enough."



* * *



Grace grinned, seeing Luke's face appear on her Witch Mirror. "Hey, baby! Happy Halloween"

"Happy Halloween! What are you up to today?" he asked.

"Well, trying to keep Skylar from punching anybody else, for starters."

"What?"

Grace sighed. "Skye punched Freya yesterday."

Luke roared with laughter. "That's bloody brilliant."

"It's bloody insane but I reckon if I can keep her from breaking anybody else's nose, it'll be a successful Halloween."

"She broke her nose!" Luke couldn't stop laughing.

Grace smiled. "I'm glad you're amused by this."

Luke attempted to regain his composure. "Merlin, sometimes I just miss Hogwarts."

Grace laughed. "So, what are your big Halloween plans?"

"Well, I am going to your house and baking cookies with your mum. She also said she'd teach me how to make pumpkin pastries if we have time. And then Henry's going to my Quidditch game tonight and sitting with all the other players in the bench."

"You're kidding."

"No, I'm really excited about those cookies."

Grace grinned. "Luke, you don't have to spend time with my family when I'm not there."

"I know but I like your mum. She gives me lots of compliments and bakes me things. It's nice. And Henry's a brilliant kid. I reckon he'll have fun at the game tonight."

"Have I told you lately that I loved you?"

"Yes, but it's still nice to hear."

Grace grinned. "Good, because I do love you."

(SKIP)

Neville watched Skylar sweep the dirt out of the greenhouse. She looked tired and glum and it was depressing Neville.

"Hey, Skye, you know what?"

"What?"

He shrugged. "I reckon you've done enough today. Detention's over."

Skylar stared at him. "But I've only been here twenty minutes."

Neville shrugged. "It's Halloween. You should be in Hogsmeade with your friends and classmates."

Skylar dropped the broom and grinned at him. "Did I mention you're my favorite professor?"

Neville shrugged. "If the Headmaster asked, you were in detention all day and it was horrible and boring and miserable."

"You got it," Skylar beamed before running back up to the castle. She scrambled back to her empty dormitory to change clothes. Victoire and Grace were already in Hogsmeade with everybody else, probably in the Three Broomsticks drinking butterbeers and talking about the big Chudley Cannons game tonight. Skylar checked out herself in the mirror quickly before sprinting down and into the city.

When she got to the Three Broomsticks, she wasn't surprised to see Grace and Victoire there. They were sitting with a large group of people, laughing and talking loudly about Quidditch.

"My bet's on the Chudley Cannons!" Grace announced, slamming down several sickles.

"Of course you'd say that," Sarah Greene said with a laugh. "Your boyfriend's on that team!"

"Well, my bets on Puddlemore United," Davey Howard announced, showing the group several golden galleons. "And I'm raising the stakes."

Victoire scoffed. "You're on!"

Skylar grinned and started toward them until she saw Vincent slouched at the bar and she froze. "Vincent?" Skylar said, surprised. She took a seat beside him. "What are you doing here?"

Vincent looked surprised to see her. "I came to surprise you in Hogsmeade but your friends told me you got detention."

"Yeah, I punched Freya. Remember?"

He shrugged. "Yeah, I forgot your detention started today."

"They let me out early. I reckon Professor Longbottom felt bad." She narrowed her eyes at him. "Why were you coming to surprise me? Not to be rude, but I did just see you yesterday."

Vincent looked at her. "Yeah, but we didn't really get to talk."

"We don't ever talk."

"I reckon we can start."

Skylar leaned back and crossed her arms. "Alright. What do you want to talk about?"

"The wedding."

Skylar shook her head disdainfully. "I knew it."

"Melissa said you weren't coming."

"You'll understand why I don't want to go considering my luck with Melissa's engagements."

"I'm not Rick," Vincent told her seriously. "I would never do anything to hurt you."

Skylar gave him a sad smile. "I know and I genuinely believe that you're a good guy, but it doesn't change my past with Melissa."

"Skylar, I know it would mean a lot to Mel if you were there. I know she really wants you at the wedding."

"And I really wanted a sister who believed me."

Vincent sighed. "What can I do to change your mind, to get you to that wedding?"

"You can't change the past, Vincent. I'm sorry."

He grimaced. "I want our wedding to be the happiest day in Melissa's life and it won't be if you're not there."

"Trust me, your wedding will be perfect."

"You think?"

"Have you met Melissa? She's a perfectionist and her wedding will be anything short of perfect."

Vincent chuckled. "Godric, I hope you're right." He smiled at her. "It'd still be nice if you were there though. Can you promise me you'll at least think about it?"

"Absolutely."

He gave her a stern look. "Will you really think about it?"

"Probably not but if it makes you fell better, I'll say yes."

Vincent rolled his eyes. "Merlin, you are so much like your sister sometimes."

"That's a first. I've never heard that before."

"You're both stubborn as hell," Vincent grumbled. "And you both like getting your way."

Skylar smiled. "Hey, can I say something?"

"Depends. Is it gonna be nice?"

"I'm glad you're getting married to Melissa. I reckon you'll be good for her. She needs someone like you."

"Someone like me?"

"Someone who doesn't have a wand up their arse all the time."

Vincent laughed loudly. "Come on, Skye, I'll buy you a drink."

"Firewhiskey?" she said hopefully.

"How about a butterbeer."

Skylar rolled her eyes. "Fine."

Vincent chortled before motioning for an aging Madam Rosmerta to come forward.





Know Your Enemy


Violence is an energy

Against the enemy

Well violence is an energy, right.

Bringing on the fury

The choir infantry

Revolt against the honor to obey

-Green Day



* * *



November brought with it cold winter winds and freezing temperatures. All the students at Hogwarts prepared themselves for what was beginning to be a very cold winter. The lake had already begun to freeze and winter coats were a necessity whenever a walk to the Herbology greenhouses was needed. Most students could be found in the library, the pressures of the midterm examinations beginning to scare them.

Grace spent most of her time in the prefect's lounge studying like a madwoman. Victoire would join her occasionally, but it was difficult to study with Gracie because she took it so damn seriously. Skylar rarely joined them.

"We have plenty of free time," she would say with an eye roll as she carefully painted her nails.

Victoire would just shake her head and readjust her "Team Skylar" badge before heading out of the common room. The truth was, Victoire wondered if Skylar had just been avoiding leaving the common room as much as possible. Since Freya's broken nose had been fixed, she'd been on an anti-Skylar rampage. She mocked Skylar whenever she got the chance, handed out flyers about Skylar being a violent whore, spread rumors about Alexander, come up with insulting songs she and her friends would sing whenever they spotted Skylar in the hallway, and done whatever she could to make Skylar absolutely miserable. The entire school had been divided between Team Skylar and Team Freya. There had even been badges with either "Team Skylar" or "Team Freya" handed out to everybody.

Victoire had gotten her hands on a dozen and displayed them on all her clothing and backpacks. She and Grace wore them proudly and threw jinxes at anybody who said anything to Skylar when they were there. Skylar, for her part, was handling it all fairly well. She would just shake her head with a half-amused smile.

That's what scared Victoire the most. The Skylar she knew would be furious. She would do everything in her power to get Freya back. She would be doing anything to get even with her. She would fight back. But Skylar wasn't fighting back. She was just shrugging it off like it was no big deal. Skylar didn't really seem to care anymore…about anything. She didn't care about her grades, about what her classmates were saying about her, about Melissa…

"I'm just worried," Victoire would tell Teddy over and over again.

He always assured her that Skylar would be fine, that she could handle anything. But Victoire wasn't so sure. She couldn't quite explain it…why Skylar had changed so much since the start of the school year, why Skylar didn't seem like her usual self…



* * *



"Here's the thing," Finn said rationally, "if I let Bear sleep in bed with me, then Shadow will want to too."

Sienna glared at him. "How about neither of those ruddy dogs sleeps in the damn bed with you. It's gross. When was the last time you bathed them?"

Finn thought about it. "I don't know. When was the last time you came over to give them baths?"

"Finn!"

"Well, I give them love. That's a hell of a lot better than a bath."

"No, it's not because they could get fleas!" Sienna bent down and examined Bear, who was closest to her. He yawned and itched himself lazily. She sighed and shook her head. "We're giving them baths today," she said with finality.

"And then they could sleep in the same bed as us?" he asked hopefullt.

"Hell no," Sienna replied, standing up. "They have their own beds!"

Finn looked at them glumly. "But what if they get lonely?"

"They won't get lonely. They have each other."

"I just don't think I agree with your parenting style."

"Well, it's a good thing we don't have kids," Sienna said with a snort.

Finn grinned. "But we will someday."

Sienna made a face. "Maybe. But only in the very distant future."

"OI! Sienna! Finn!" Teddy walked into the kitchen, looking disgruntled. "I just stepped in dog shit."

"I told you Shadow was asking to be let out," Sienna said.

"Oh, man. That sounded more like his 'I'm hungry' bark." Finn shook his head.

Sienna and Teddy stared at him. "His 'I'm hungry' bark?" Teddy repeated.

"All their barks sound the same!" Sienna exclaimed, exasperated. "Findley, have you lost your damn mind?"

"When you're a parent, you'll understand," Finn said haughtily before strutting away, Shadow and Bear following after him eagerly.

Teddy looked at Sienna. "S, I reckon your boyfriend's lost his mind."

"He's very attached to those dogs," Sienna replied. "It's sweet."

"It's mad!" Teddy shook his head. "The other day, I caught him reading the dogs a bedtime story."

Sienna giggled. "Just be glad he doesn't dress them up in doggy clothes."



* * *



Victoire buttoned up the top button of her blouse and looked in the mirror. After smoothing out the flyaway hairs in her hair, she decided there wasn't much else she could do for her appearance.

"Victoire, what are you still doing here?" Grace asked as she entered the room carrying a pile of books. "You're going to be late."

Victoire checked her watch. "Yeah, I'm about to leave."

"Okay. Good luck!" Grace called after her as she sprinted out the door.

Victoire didn't know why she was so nervous. Her grades were good, her extracurricular were good, and even her O.W.L.s from fifth year were fairly decent. She was on the right track to becoming a cursebreaker like her father. At least, she hoped she was.

"Hey, Vic!" Neville said happily after she knocked on the office door.

"Neville—I mean, Professor Longbottom? I didn't know you were doing these meetings."

Neville sat down and motioned for her to do the same. "Don't worry. I'm perfectly qualified." He picked up his wand. "Anything to drink?"

Victoire shook her head. "No, thank you."

"Suit yourself," he said with a small shrug.

Victoire took a seat and looked at him nervously. "So…"

Neville patted the large folder in front of him. "Don't be nervous, Vic. Your grades are excellent. They've actually improved a lot over the years. You're taking all the right classes. I looked over your O.W.L.s and you got all the ones you needed to become a cursebreaker. I'd say you're on the right track."

"Brilliant."

"Now, as you probably know from your father, a curse-breaker is a very dangerous and serious profession. I have no doubt you can do it, but I hope you're aware any witch or wizard can be killed as a result of an old curse, jinx, or hex, no matter how talented you are."

Victoire nodded. "I know."

Neville gave her a severe, almost sad look. "Very well. Then, you should probably know they N.E.W.T.s in Defense Against the Dark Arts, Potions, Transfiguration, Charms, and Ancient Runes are necessary. All your grades this term seem to be good so far. I'm a little worried about Transfiguration."

"I'm working on turning that acceptable into an Exeeds Expectations."

"Good." Neville gave her an encouraging smile. "You're doing great, Vic. Your parents would be proud."

Victoire laughed humorlessly. "It only took getting expelled from Beauxbaton and a half a dozen nearly failing grades to get here."

Neville shrugged. "I was never a great student either. Getting outstandings in all your classes isn't everything. Sometimes, people do better in real life than in school. If it makes you feel better, I never got to a N.E.W.T. level Transfiguration class. My O.W.L for that class wasn't high enough. You're already doing better than I ever did."

Victoire smiled. She couldn't believe that the coolest teacher at her school had once been bullied and so unsure of himself. It almost made her feel better, but then she remembered both her younger siblings were excellent students. Her mother had been a Triwizard champion. And her father was one of the most talented wizards she knew. There was just no living up to the Weasley family name, not one everybody was so good at everything all the time.

"Thank you, Neville," Victoire finally said.

Neville smiled at her. "No problem, Vic."



* * *



Victoire yawned and sat up. "Skye, why the hell are you up so early?" she demanded.

Skylar turned to look at her. She was in a dark blue sports bra and jogging pants. She was in the middle of their room, stretching. "I'm going for a run."

Grace threw a pillow at her. "This early?"

"I've got a job booked in New York over the winter break and I need to be in shape by the time it happens," Skylar replied as she continued her stretches.

Victoire stared at her. "Skye, you are in shape," she said, pointing to her slender frame and abs.

Skylar straightened up. "Well, I need to stay in shape. And I don't stay in shape by eating chocolate frogs all day."

Grace rolled out of bed. "Have you eaten breakfast yet?"

"No," Skylar replied as she pulled her hair up.

Grace glared at her. "Skye, you can't work out before you eat. You'll just get sick."

Skylar made a face. "I'm not hungry."

"Last time you ran two miles and threw up because you had no food in your stomach and you were dehydrated," Victoire reminded her as she got out of bed.

"It was also a very hot day," Skylar counted. "I was probably just too hot."

"You're eating breakfast first," Grace told her as she slipped on a pair of jeans.

"And then you can go run however much you ruddy want," Victoire said as she dug through her dresser for clothes.

Skylar sighed dramatically. "Fine. But I'm only going to drink water and have some fruit."

"And eggs," Grace added as she pulled on an orange t-shirt.

"Grace is right," Victoire said as she quickly got dressed.

Skylar groaned. "Next time, I'll be careful not to wake you two up," she grumbled as she grabbed a tank top to put over her sports bra.

Victoire shook her head. "Skye, you have to get better about eating before your workouts," she said seriously as she pulled on a sweater.

Skylar checked her watch. "I'm already behind schedule. Come on, I need to get this work out in before noon."

"Why?" Grace said as she lead the group out of their room.

"I have detention at noon," Skylar replied glumly. "Thanks to that stupid Freya."

"Oh, yeah," Victoire said as they headed down the stairs. She pointed to the Team Skylar badge on her shirt. "At least I'm on your team."

Skylar rolled her eyes. "What idiot even came up with those badges?"

Grace shrugged. "I don't know, but I like mine," she said as she climbed out the portrait hole.

The girls made their way down the moving staircase, very aware of all the people turning to stare at them.

"Do I have something in my teeth?" Skylar asked as they made their way down the hallway. People were turning their heads and whispering as she walked by.

"Something tells me this has something to do with Freya," Grace said darkly.

"Something tells me you're right," Victoire replied, pointing to all the posters hung up on the walls by the Grand Staircase. People were gathered around the posters, reading it.

Skylar frowned and bent down to retrieve a poster on the ground. There were hundreds of them all over the floor. There was a picture of Skylar and Makenna with their arms around each other in robes before one of their runway shows. They were both grinning up at the camera, their smiles frozen in time. Skylar felt her stomach lurch at the picture beneath the one of her and Makenna smiling. It was one of Makenna on the night of the attack. Her body was in the middle of the runway, a pool of blood around her as a fire erupted behind her. It had been the picture used in all the muggle newspapers after the attack had happened. Underneath both pictures in bold letters, it said: Friends with the slut? You deserve to die.

"What does it say?" Grace asked curiously, bending down to retrieve another copy of the poster.

Skylar dropped the poster in her hand and looked up. "Who did this?" she asked, her voice unnervingly calm.

"I don't know," Victoire said nervously, looking around for some hint of who the perpetrator was.

Skylar's hands shook with anger and she slowly stepped forward. "WHO DID THIS?" she demanded, screaming at all the classmates standing around her.

No one said anything. They all just stared at her, some horrified, others stunned. Skylar could hear giggling. She stepped forward and looked down. At the bottom of the Grand Staircase, Freya and a group of girls were laughing at the posters. Skylar glared down at her, waiting until she looked up and made eye contact with her. Freya finally looked up at her and gave her a small smirk.

"Skye," Grace said in a small voice behind her.

"Come on, she's not worth it," Victoire said soothingly.

Skylar ignored them as she slowly made her way down the stairs. It seemed as if everybody held their breath until Skylar finally made it to the bottom of the stairs in front of Freya.

"Is this funny to you?" Skylar said in a low, dangerous voice.

Freya shrugged. "I'm laughing, aren't I?"

Skylar pointed to Makenna's photograph. "You realize she was murdered, right?" she said in a quiet voice. "Somebody killed her. And you're laughing?"

Freya glanced at her friends. "It was a joke, Skylar."

"You realize I watched them zip up her dead body in a bag?" Skylar said. "I was there when the police had to tell her mother that her only daughter had been killed. I watched as her four brothers crumbled to the ground when they heard their baby sister was dead. I saw her five minutes before she died in the make up chair. She was smiling and happy and beautiful and alive. And the next time I saw her, she was dead and covered in blood and alone. And you think it's funny?"

Freya gulped unsure of what to say.

Skylar took a step back from her, a look of disgust on her face. "Petrificous Totalus," she said suddenly, whipping her wand out.

Freya's body froze and she fell to the ground with a thump. Her eyes were wide and terrified as she looked up at Skylar. Her friends screamed and jumped back. Skylar came forward and towered over her, looking both beautiful and terrifying. "Never mention Makenna again," she hissed before raising her foot and stomping on Makenna's face.

"Skylar!" Grace shrieked from the top of the staircase.

Skylar tossed her wand aside before turning around and climbing back up the Grand Staircase. She passed the stunned crowd gathered around her without a word. She didn't even look at Victoire and Grace as she walked past them. She just looked straight ahead,



* * *



Victoire and Grace sprinted up the stairs and burst into their room, breathing heavily. Skylar glanced at them briefly. She was standing by her bed, quickly dumping all her clothes into her trunk.

"Skylar, where are you going?" Grace asked, staring at her trunk.

Skylar sighed. "I don't know. I was thinking New York maybe? I'll probably stop by my dad's first but then after that…anywhere…"

Victoire blinked. "What are you talking about? What about school?"

Skylar closed her trunk. "I'm not coming back to school."

"What do you mean you're not coming back to school?" Grace demanded. "It's our final year! It's only November. You've got two more terms to go."

Skylar gave her a sad smile. "Gracie, seventh year is optional."

"Skylar, don't be dramatic. You're not dropping out." Victoire glared at her.

"Is this about how much trouble you'll get in?" Grace asked. "Because I doubt the headmaster will expel you. He'll probably just give you more detention."

Skylar picked up her trunk and put it on the floor. "I don't want to be here anymore…I don't belong here, not anymore…"

"Skye…" Victoire said softly. "Come on, you've gotta stay."

"I can't," Skylar said, grabbing her trunk.

Grace shook her head. "You're overreacting. Just sleep on it. You'll change your mind tomorrow."

"No, I don't think I will." She looked around. "Would you guys mind sending me the rest of my stuff?"

Victoire looked at her. "Skylar, you can't leave!"

"Yes, I can," Skylar said with a sigh. "Listen, I'll write to you as soon as I can. Don't worry, I'll be fine."

"Skye…what can we say to make you stay?" Grace asked her pleadingly.

"Nothing, Gracie." Skylar gave them a sad smile. "Hey, I'll see you lot over Christmas break, yeah? It'll be fine." She gave them one last tearful look before grabbing her trunk and heading toward the door.

Victoire grabbed her arm as she passed. "Skye, wait!"

Skylar looked back at her. "What?"

"Your wand," Victoire said, handing the girl her long, brown wand.

Skylar eyed her wand for a moment before shaking her head. "You keep it. I don't want it anymore."

With that, she turned and left, leaving Grace and Victoire staring after her retreating figure, their mouths hung open.





Fallen


Run for cover

My sense of fear is running thin

Undercover

Just like a candle in the wind

Tell everybody, tell everybody

Brothers, sisters, the ending is coming

-Imagine Dragons



* * *



Teddy stood in the middle of the blazing fires, looking around at the destruction before him. The fires were still raging around him, dead bodies were being recollected, and shrieks of terror and grief were heard throughout the night.

"Teddy," Kingsley said, coming up beside him. "Are you alright?"

Teddy shook his head. "It's not right, Kingsley. Any of it."

"You weren't alive during the Second War," Kingsley said in his low voice. "But I reckon if things get any worse, we'll all be reliving the Second War."

"All of this was supposed to end with Voldemort," Teddy muttered.

"I thought so too," Kingsley said darkly.

Both men turned and looked at each other briefly marching ahead into the night with the shrieks of terror and blazing fires.



* * *



Harry and Ron paced back in forth in their large office.

"There has to be a leader," Ron finally said. "These attacks are too well-planned, too strategic."

"And there's too many of them," Harry muttered. "The only problem is, none of the Death Eaters we've captured are willing to talk yet."

"Yet," Ron said dangerously, his eyes flashing.

Harry sighed. "These aren't like Voldemort's death eaters. They use the name to spread fear…but they don't have the same goals."

"Don't have the same goals!" Ron exclaimed incredulously. "What do you mean? They're trying to eliminate muggleborns. If you ask me, that sounds very Voldemort-like."

Harry shook his head. "No, Ron. Voldemort's goal was power, to take over. He wanted to beat death. These new death eaters…they haven't exhibited any allegiance to Voldemort or attempted to put anybody into power."

"All they want is to hurt muggles and muggleborns?" Ron asked, dumbfounded. "All this work just to hurt muggles?"

Harry shrugged. "That's what it looks like. It looks like they want to create a pureblood magical community."

"Sounds like Voldemort to me," Ron muttered darkly.

Harry looked at him. "We have to find the person behind all of this, the one gathering these death eaters, the one orchestrating these attacks."

"How do we do that?"

Harry sighed. "We start with interrogating death eaters."

Ron groaned. "Ugh. I hate talking to death eaters."

"Me too," Harry muttered. "Let's go."

The two of them exchanged grimaces before heading out of their office.



* * *



Finn yawned, bored. He tossed Luke the quaffle lazily. "You reckon we'll ever get to play?"

There had been a Death Eater threat on the Chudley Cannon's match against Lancashire that night and so the match had been postponed until the threat passed.

"I'm getting ruddy sick of these damn death eaters," Luke grumbled.

Just then, their coach walked into the locker rooms. "Sorry, lads. Looks like the officials are cancelling the game tonight."

His statement was met with an outcry of protests from the entire team.

"I know, I know," he continued with a sigh. "The game will be postponed until further notice. We're working on tightening up security. Until then, go on home. Enjoy your night off. You'll be notified as soon as they reschedule the game."

The team grumbled and complained as they stood up and dusted themselves off. After quickly changing back into their regular clothes, Luke and Finn left the locker room, dragging their brooms behind them.

Sienna met them by the entrance. Her eyes were wide with fear as she hugged both of them.

"I was so worried," she told them.

Finn waved her off. "We're fine. Honestly, I'm more worried about Teddy. Did you hear about the attacks happening all over London?"

Sienna nodded. "I tried to get a hold of him, but I couldn't."

"He's probably busy," Luke murmured. "You know, saving lives and capturing death eaters."

"Possibly getting killed," Finn said quietly.

"Sometimes I hate that he's an auror," Sienna said, taking Finn's hand.

"Where to now?" Luke asked as they started down the stadium halls.

Sienna bit her lower lip. "Back to Grimmauld Place? I want to wait up for Teddy."

Finn nodded. "Works for me."

Luke glanced at them. "Okay. I'll pick us up some food on the way back and meet you guys there."

"Brilliant," Finn said as he squeezed Sienna's hand.

"Hey, Luke, be careful," Sienna said before she disapparated with Finn.

Luke looked around him where all the fans and teams were rushing out of the stadium. "I will," he murmured before disapparating.



* * *



Teddy hurried down the empty streets. It was nearly four in the morning and it had started to pour. Crossing his arms and picking up his pace, Teddy looked around nervously. The streets were quiet that now. Too quiet. Usually the sound of cars or muggles could be heard in the distance. Then again, it was nearly four in the morning. Teddy hurried up the steps of Number Twelve Grimmauld Place and opened the door. He shivered once inside the warm house, having only realized how brutally cold it had been outside.

"Teddy!" Sienna shrieked when she saw him.

She, Finn, and Luke were in the living room. On the coffee table was half eaten plates of Chinese food and half empty glasses of butterbeer.

"Hey," Teddy said, exhausted.

"Are you alright, mate?" Finn asked, jumping off the couch. "We were worried sick. Where were you?"

"London," he replied. "The city's in utter chaos. Three attacks in one night."

Sienna held up the Evening Prophet. "We saw."

Luke pointed to the food on the table. "You look horrible, mate. You should eat something."

Teddy took off his wet jacket and tossed it on the armchair. "Merlin, I didn't even realize how hungry I was."

Luke patted his back and offered him a seat beside him. "Come sit, mate."

Sienna watched him worriedly. "How bad were the attacks."

"Bad," Teddy said, his face changing. "Those people…they were tortured…burned alive…" He shuddered. "Hardly any survivors. They tortured those people until they died."

Finn gulped. "Were any aurors hurt?"

"A few," Teddy said, his voice shaky. "But none of us were severely injured or killed. I reckon that's good news."

"That's great news," Luke said.

"These death eaters are ruthless," Teddy told them darkly. "I've never seen anything like it."

Sienna and Finn exchanged looks. "Eat some food," Sienna told Teddy gently, reaching out for him. "You'll feel better."





Battle Cry


Just one more time before I go

I'll let you know

That all this time I've been afraid

Wouldn't let it show

Nobody can save me now, no

Nobody can save me now

-Imagine Dragons



* * *



Skylar gulped down the tequila shot in her hand and looked up at her friends with a grin. "Alright. That was the last one."

"Aw, come on, Skylar!" Everybody began booing her.

"Stay for one more drink," Isabel Wade, a model Skylar had worked with several times, said, pushing another shot in front of her. All her friends agreed and began cheering "Shot! Shot! Shot!"

Skylar stood up and shook her head. "I've got a shoot tomorrow morning and I don't think they'd love it if I showed up hung over."

Kallie York, who had the same modeling agent as Skylar, rolled her eyes. "Fine. Go be boring."

"You call it boring, I call it professional." Skylar stuck her tongue out playfully before grabbing her jacket and prancing away.

"You better stay out tomorrow night! You're only young once, Skylar!" Isabel called after her before turning to her boyfriend as he handed her another shot.

Skylar laughed as she pulled on her jacket and left the club. She'd been in New York City a few weeks now and she couldn't ever imagine leaving. Skylar stuck out her hand and hailed a taxi. Before hopping into the yellow cab that pulled out in front of her with a screech, Skylar thought back to the day she'd finally left Hogwarts. Her dad had nearly had a heart attack when she'd showed up at their house with her bags in hand.

"Skylar Elizabeth Grey, what an earth are you doing here?" Jonathon Grey had demanded. "Why aren't you at school?"

Skylar had told him that she had left Hogwarts, had told him about all the girls tormenting her about Alexander, had told him that she'd lost her faith in magic and the magical community…

Much to her surprise, her father hadn't fought her. He'd begrudgingly called Melissa and asked her to handle the Hogwarts stuff. He had told Melissa to tell them that Skylar would no longer be returning. Melissa had nearly fainted when she heard the news, but after several arguments, she finally agreed to contact Hogwarts.

After that, Jonathon had insisted Skylar stay home with him for a week. They had spent quality father-daughter time. Skylar had fussed over him, forcing him to eat more and take better care of himself. Jonathon had lost a lot of weight since the last time he'd seen Skylar and he was more tired than usual. Skylar knew he must have been working too hard and not taking care of himself like he should've been.

After about a week, Jonathon had finally agreed to take Skylar to New York. He'd helped her find an apartment in a safe part of the city and met with her agent to ensure all her jobs were respectable. He then took her out to dinner, told her to be careful, kissed her forehead, and then got on a flight back to England.

Since then, Skylar's agent had booked her with different gigs. Her life consisted of diets and workout routines and catwalks and photo shoots. Skylar's new life contained hardly any magic and she hadn't met any witches and wizards since arriving in New York. The only witch she knew in New York was her agent, Loretta, who worked with both magical and muggle models. Loretta had told her there was a secret magical town hidden in New York City, much like Diagon Alley, but Skylar hadn't really bothered looking it up. She'd been too busy exploring New York City and making new friends with all the models.

The truth was, Hogwarts felt like a distant memory. Since Makenna's death, Skylar had lost her faith in the magical community. She knew she had let down Victoire and Grace when she left but she couldn't stay at Hogwarts any longer. With Alexander gone and the torture and humiliation of having to face her classmates everyday, it was just too hard. She had to go.

Skylar had written to Grace and Victoire once she'd settled in her new apartment in New York. She'd told them she was doing well and she was happy. She'd promised them she'd keep in touch and that she'd come visit them as soon as she could.

Her first day alone in New York, Skylar had received by owl a large package. Inside, Grace had crammed several scones and biscuits because she knew Skylar could not cook to save her life. She'd also included at the very bottom of the package the wand Skylar had left behind at Hogwarts with a note attached, saying magic would always be a part of her. Skylar wasn't sure what to do. She didn't really use magic as much now that school was out, but it was nice to have it with her in case something ever happened.

The cab came to a halt and the driver turned to look at her. "We're here."

"Thanks," Skylar muttered, handing him several dollar bills. She slid out of the taxi and made her way into her building. It hadn't taken Skylar long to get accustomed to the American culture. She was amused by their accents and their funny slang and they seemed to love her English accent. It was all definitely different from England, but Skylar figured she needed a change. Change was good sometimes.

Skylar reached into her jacket pocket to pull out her keys and yawned. She was glad she'd come home early. A night out with the girls tended to end wild, and Skylar knew better than to stay out with them the night before she had a job.

After unlocking her door and opening it, Skylar stepped inside. In the dark, there was a figure she could make out standing in the kitchen. Skylar screamed and reached for her wand before realizing she'd left it on her bedside table.

"Looking for this?" Teddy asked as he waved Skylar's wand lazily and the lights flickered on.

"What the hell is the matter with you?" Skylar demanded as she breathed heavily. She could hardly believe her eyes. Teddy Lupin was standing in the middle of her kitchen in her New York City apartment.

Teddy handed her back her wand. "We need to talk," he told her gravely, his hazel eyes serious.



* * *



Skylar crossed her arms. She was sitting across from Teddy in her tiny, cramped living room. "Who the hell sneaks into somebody's apartment in the middle of the night like that?" she finally snapped.

Teddy raised his eyebrows. "What were you going to do? Scream me to death?"

"If I had had my wand—"

"But you didn't." He glared at her. "How many times have I told you never to leave without your wand."

"Well, I didn't think I would need my wand at a club with my friends!" She huffed. "But what was I thinking, right? Of course I should've expected an intruder in my bloody flat!"

Teddy nodded. "That's right. You should've."

"I was being sarcastic."

"It doesn't matter. You should never leave yourself unprotected."

Skylar gave him a wary look. "When did you get so stern and serious, anyway? Remember when you used to be fun?"

"Everyday I go to work and watch innocent people get killed." He stood up. "Do you think I want to go to work one day and find that one of those innocent people killed is you?"

Skylar took a deep breath. "Alright. Fine. No need to get worked up. I'll start taking my wand with me everywhere."

Teddy hesitated. "Actually, I came to ask you to do the opposite."

Skylar threw her hands up in frustration. "Then what the hell have you been yelling about for the past ten minutes?"

Teddy gave her a serious look. "Things have gotten bad, Skye."

"So I've heard." She rubbed her temples, tired. "Teddy, what are you doing here?"

Teddy looked out Skylar's window, where you could the lights of the city and the skyscrapers. It had started raining since Skylar had gotten home. Teddy glanced back at Skylar. "I think it's time you went into hiding, Skylar."

"What?" Skylar spluttered.

"You've got to keep a low-profile. A magic-free life. Blend into the muggle world, become one of them."

Skylar stared at him, stunned. Teddy had always been an attractive guy. He was tall with a muscular build. He had beautiful hazel eyes and light shaggy brown hair. Perhaps the most attractive of Teddy's feature, though, was his smile. It was the kind of smile that came easily and had an endearing sincerity about it. Skylar realized, however, Teddy hadn't smiled once since he'd arrived.

"What about my family?" Skylar finally said, blinking.

"Melissa and Vincent refuse to go into hiding. They're going to stay and fight." Teddy ran his fingers through his hair. "And don't worry about your dad. Melissa had us place the best protection on him. Your house is undetectable as of right now and he will no longer be going to work. We wanted to relocate him but he refused to leave the house in which he shared with his wife."

Skylar stared at him, her eyes wide. "Teddy, you can't be serious. Just tell me this is all a joke, that Finn's hiding in the other room and this is all just some sick joke you two idiots think is funny."

Teddy paced around the apartment. "I've placed the best protection charms around this apartment and I ran background checks on all your new friends and co-workers here. So far, everybody's checked out." He turned to look at Skylar. "But you've got to comply, Skye. No more magic. Hide all your potions and books. Lock up your wand and Witch Mirror. No more aparating unless it's an emergency. Live your life as if you were a muggle. Go off the magical radar completely."

"And what if there's an attack?" Skylar demanded. "What if I need to use my magic?"

"There shouldn't be any attacks on you if you lay low. Besides, if anybody tried to hurt you, the guards would intervene. And you should disaparate immediately if anybody tries to hurt you!" he added. "Remember only apparate in emergencies."

Skylar stared at him. "Guards? You mean there's still a bunch of ruddy people following me around?"

"Two," Teddy said. "They're on rotation."

"Shouldn't this be something you told me sooner!"

"Why? You never noticed them, did you? They're supposed to go unnoticed. They're not supposed to interfere with your life in any way unless there's a threat."

"So, are they how you got a hold of all the people that you needed to run background checks on?"

"They were one of our sources."

Skylar's head was spinning. She clutched her stomach. As angry as she was with magic, she could never imagine giving it all up completely.

Teddy, sensing her panic, sat down beside her. "Hey," he said gently, "it wouldn't be forever, Skye. Just temporarily. Just until we get rid of the death eater threat."

Skylar looked at him. She was finally getting a glimpse of the Teddy she knew. "Hey, Teddy, can you do me a favor?"

"Yeah?"

"Can you smile?" she asked softly.

Teddy grinned and almost laughed. "Careful, Skye. I hear my smile is irresistible to the ladies."

Skylar let out a half-sob, half-laugh. "An arrogant comment was just what I needed."

"It was?" Teddy said, giving her an odd look.

"I wanted to make sure the old Teddy was still in there somewhere."

Teddy sighed and took her head. "Look, Skye, I'm sorry. I know I just threw a lot at you. It's just…things have been stressful at work. I live in fear everyday that something will happen to you or Victoire or Findley or Sienna or Grace or Luke or my family…"

"You're asking a lot from me, Teddy. You're asking me to give up magic entirely."

"But not forever."

Skylar gulped. "You promise my family's safe?"

"Absolutely."

"And Vic and Grace?"

"They're at Hogwarts. They're safer than anybody else."

"Finn? Sienna? Luke?"

Teddy smiled at her. "Skylar, I promise I will not let anything happen to anybody we love."

Skylar took a deep breath. "Okay then. I'll give up magic. I'll go into hiding."



* * *



Skylar took a deep breath and gently stroked her wand one last time. She felt like she'd taken her wand for granted all these years. What was she supposed to do without her wand? How was she supposed to live, to survive?

"Skylar…" Teddy said quietly beside her.

Skylar closed her eyes. "I know. I know." She took a deep breath before carefully placing her wand in the brown wooden box in front of her.

Teddy handed her the golden key. Skylar gazed at her wand one last time before slowly taking the key and locking the box.

Teddy grimaced before waving his wand. The box disappeared, along with all her potions and magical ingredients. The large books of spells and charms Skylar had brought her also disappeared into thin air a moment later.

Skylar glanced sideways at Teddy. "Where'd you send them?"

"Somewhere safe," Teddy assured her.

Skylar looked down at her hands. She suddenly felt naked without her wand. Even though she'd taken to leaving it in her apartment whenever she went out, she always knew it was at home safe. Now, her wand was gone from her. Just like magic was.





Our Song


I will bring you the mountains

Write your name 'cross the sky

Anything that you need I will try to find

So won't you take my hand

Take my heart

Promise to never stop dancing once we start

-Ron Pope



* * *



Victoire stood by the Hogwarts Express, facing Grace. All around them, students were scrambling to find their families and say goodbye to their friends. Victoire and Grace looked around, searching for their families.

Grace's eyes narrowed. "I think I see my mum."

"I think I see mine too," Victoire muttered.

They turned to face each other. "So, I guess this is goodbye," Grace said with a small smile. "It'll be nice to have my own room again."

Victoire laughed. "You'll miss me within the hour."

Grace sighed. "That's actually probably true."

"Grace! Honey! Over here!"

Victoire gestured toward Aimee, who was jumping up and down, shouting Grace's name. "I think your mum's spotted you."

"I think you're right." Grace hugged Victoire. "I'll see you later, Vic."

"Definitely," Victoire replied.

Grace gave her a small wave before grabbing her trunk and turning away. Victoire watched Grace scurry over to her mother and brother. They engulfed her in hugs and Victoire felt an odd pang of sadness. Grace still hadn't made up with her father and it was going to be another Christmas spent without him. Even though Grace was constantly saying she didn't care, Victoire knew that deep down, Grace missed her dad. She used to be your typical daddy's little girl and now she hadn't even spoken to her father in nearly a year. Every letter he'd written to her, Grace would just ignore. Victoire wondered how long Grace would be angry with him, how long until she finally found it in herself to forgive him. She knew from personal experience that Grace could really hold a grudge.

As Grace left with her family, Victoire finally sighed and turned around. She narrowed her eyes, looking for the signature red Weasley hair. She spotted her uncle Ron and Hermione first. They were helping Rose with her bags as she happily told them all about her first term at Hogwarts. It wasn't until she heard Bill call her name that she finally spotted her own father.

"Victoire! Over here!" Bill was waving his arms frantically, trying to get her attention.

Victoire beamed. "Daddy!" she cried, running toward him.

"Vic, it's so good to see you," Bill murmured, hugging his daughter tightly.

Behind him, Fleur was smiling. "Hello, Victoire."

"Mum!" Victoire exclaimed, running toward her mother.

Dominique, who had grown several inches since the last time Victoire had seen her, raised her eyebrows. "Woah. What's with you? You're never this excited to see us."

"I just missed you," Victoire said happily, pulling her younger siblings into a tight hug.

"…can't…breath…" Louis gasped, attempting to wriggle out of Victoire's grip.

Bill chuckled. "Come on, then. Grandma Weasley's got a small party ready for all her grandchildren returning from school."

Victoire grinned. "Brilliant! Will Teddy be there?"

Bill rolled his eyes. "Yes, yes, Teddy will be there."



* * *



Teddy tugged at his collar nervously. When Victoire had written to him that her family would be picking her up from the train station, Teddy had initially wanted to accompany them. However, he couldn't get off work in time and instead had to rush to the Burrow to hopefully meet her as soon as she arrived.

"Teddy, dear, would you mind setting the table," Grandma Weasley asked.

"No problem," Teddy said distractedly as Grandma Weasley handed him a stack of plates before leaving the kitchen.

Teddy stared at the plates a moment before sighing and heading toward the table.

Harry, who was walking into the kitchen with James, rolled his eyes and waved his wand. The table set itself magically and Teddy blinked. "I forgot I could do that," he said dumbly.

"You forgot you were a wizard?" James said, his eyebrows raised. "Have you considered coming back to Hogwarts?"

"Jamie!" Teddy yelped, rushing forward to hug him. "Merlin, you're nearly as tall as I am now."

James grinned smugly. "I grew."

"I can see that!"

Harry chuckled. "Thanks for staying late at the Ministry, Teddy. It's just…me and Ron had to go pick up the kids from the station…and Rodney is out sick…"

Teddy waved him off. "Hey, no problem. You're the boss, remember."

"Yeah, but I know you really wanted to see Victoire..."

James shrugged. "I see Victoire everyday. It's really not that exciting."

Teddy flicked his head. "Remind me again why I like you?"

"I've been told I'm quite charming,' James replied with an arrogant grin that reminded Teddy of Finn.

Laughing, Teddy pulled James into another hug. "Merlin, I really did miss you, buddy."

James grinned. "I missed you too."

Teddy straightened up. "Hey, where's Al? I wanna hear all about his first months of Hogwarts."

Harry glanced back. "I think he went to go play Quidditch with some of his cousins."

Just then, they heard the front door open along with several squeals of delight.

"Looks like somebody else is here," Harry said, turning around. James and Teddy followed him into the living room, where a crowd of Weasleys was gathered.

Her silvery blonde hair was easy to spot out of the masses of red hair. Victoire was talking to Ginny, an easy smile on her face. Beside Teddy, Harry rushed forward to greet his nieces and nephews. James, having spotted Fred, ran toward his favorite cousin, shouting something about a game of Exploding Snap. Teddy took a step forward, grinning at his girlfriend.

Victoire spotted him finally and she grinned. Teddy loved the way her eyes suddenly lit up when she saw him, and all his doubts about it not working long distance instantly faded.

"Well, go kiss your girlfriend, you dung brain," Dominique said. Teddy hadn't even noticed Dominique and Louis arrive but he didn't care. Taking Dominique's advice, Teddy strode forward. Beaming, Victoire met him half-way, leaving Ginny in the middle of a conversation by herself. Ginny turned around curiously, wondering what had made Victoire suddenly walk away, and when she spotted Teddy, Ginny rolled her eyes and gave them a small smile.

Victoire threw her arms around Teddy and Teddy couldn't help but kiss her, forgetting that Bill was only a few feet away, forgetting that Victoire's entire family was now watching them.



* * *



Victoire allowed Teddy to pull her along with him as he sprinted outside, their hands firmly clasped together. Victoire shivered, wishing they'd thought to put on their coats before they ran outside.

"Teddy, where are we going?" she asked as snow began swirling around them. Victoire glanced back at the Burrow. She could still hear the sound of her family's chatter and laughter inside.

Teddy squeezed her hand and led her into the small shed where Grandma and Grandpa Weasley usually kept their spare brooms and Quidditch supplies.

"I just missed you," he said before pinning her against the wall and smashing his lips against hers. Victoire seemed taken aback at first but the shock quickly wore off and she grabbed his shirt and pulled him closer so that her body pressed tightly against his.

Teddy's arms took hold of her and his hands gripped her arse. He kissed her hungrily and then his hands were on her shirt, sliding it up her body. She pulled away from him for a moment to yank off his shirt before slamming her lips back against his. She kissed him heatedly, her fingers fumbling to unzip his jeans. They broke apart again and Teddy yanked off his jeans and trousers. Victoire impatiently yanked him back toward her and kissed him eagerly. Teddy fingered her lacy bra before expertly unhooking it and flinging it across the shed. His lips traveled down her jawline, his hands on her breasts.

"Godric, I missed doing this," Victoire mumbled, her voice ragged.

Teddy grinned and took a moment to eye her perky breasts hungrily before bringing his lips against them and sucking. Victoire closed her eyes, tilted her head back, and let out a small moan of pleasure. Teddy's lips trailed down to her stomach and then to her waist. He gently pulled down her skirt and underwear and it dropped to the floor.

Victoire pulled him back and kissed him feverishly. Teddy's hands slid up her smooth thighs, eliciting a small shudder from her. He hoisted her up and Victoire wrapped her legs around his waist. Victoire had nearly forgotten how exhilarating Teddy's touch was, how much she craved the feel of his skin against hers. She kissed him harder, never wanting to let go of him, never wanting to be away from him again.





The Blower's Daughter


And so it is

Just like you said it should be

We'll both forget the breeze

Most of the time

And so it is

The colder water

The blower's daughter

The pupil in denial

-Damien Rice



* * *



"How many times are we going to argue about this?" Aimee demanded, rubbing her temples.

"I don't know," Grace snapped. "How many times are you going to bring this up?"

Both women were standing across from each other in the kitchen. Luke was standing behind Grace, leaning against the kitchen counter, his arms crossed.

"Lucas, help me out here," Aimee appealed, turning to look at Luke.

"Hey, he's not going to take your side!" Grace exclaimed.

"Well, actually—"

Grace narrowed her eyes. "Think carefully before you speak, Bishop."

Luke put his hands up. "I'm just saying, it couldn't hurt to talk to your dad."

"Ha!" Aimee said.

"Traitor," Grace muttered.

Luke grinned. "I just think that it's almost Christmas and it's one more holiday that you're fighting with your dad."

"I'm not fighting with him," Grace said stiffly.

"No, because that would require you to speak with him, which you haven't!" Aimee said. "In months!"

"And whose fault is that?" Grace hissed.

"Erm…yours?" Luke volunteered.

"No, it's dad's!" Grace said angrily. "Why are you guys defending him, anyway?"

"Grace, I'm not saying your father is a saint, but he's still your father," Aimee told her soothingly. "And you love him. I know you do."

"You're going to regret not speaking with him," Luke told her. "At least, you will one day."

"And even if you're not ready to forgive him, Gracie, you have to remember you have a little baby sister now," Aimee said quietly.

Grace crossed her arms. "So?"

"So, you're missing out on getting to know Caroline. Who knows? You might end up loving her as much as you love Henry."

"Hey, what's going on in here?" Henry asked, walking into the kitchen. He looked around at the three of them, sensing the tension.

"Nothing," Aimee said, forcing a smile. "Are you getting ready to go, sweetheart?"

Henry sighed. "Do I have to?"

"Yes," Aimee told him firmly.

"But Luke's here!" Henry complained. "I never get to see him!"

Grace glared at him. "Well, what about me? You never get to see me either!"

"Yeah, but I'm a famous Quidditch player, baby," Luke told her. "You're just his nerdy older sister."

Grace rolled her eyes.

"You'll still be here when I come back?" Henry asked Luke.

Luke shrugged. "Yeah, buddy. I can swing by whenever you want."

"Brilliant!" Henry grinned.

Aimee ran her fingers through Henry's hair. "Alright, buddy. Are you ready to go?"

"Yeah, I guess so," Henry said as Aimee led him out the kitchen. "What time are you picking me up from dad's tomorrow, anyway?" he asked.

Grace turned to face Luke as her family left them alone. "I cannot believe you took my mother's side," she said, shaking her head.

Luke stepped forward. "I'm sensing an argument about to start, so I just want to say one thing beforehand."

"What's that?" Grace grumbled.

Luke motioned around them. "This is the first time we've been alone since you got back from Hogwarts. Maybe we should take advantage."

Grace snorted. "You really think that's going to work."

"No, but this might." Luke stepped forward and pulled Grace into his arms. He pressed his lips against hers and wrapped his arms around her waist.

"Oh, I am so going to kill you later," Grace whispered before kissing him again.

"Ugh, get a room, you two."

Grace pulled away from Luke and turned to find Skylar standing in the kitchen doorway.

"Oh, hey, Skye," Luke said with a small groan. "Have you ever been told you have terrible timing."

Skylar laughed. "Were you about to get lucky?"

Grace made a face. "Must you be so crude?"

"Aw, come on, you guys! I'm only in town for two weeks. Hang out with me!" Skylar said, striding into the kitchen.

Luke checked his watch. "Well, I'm grabbing lunch with Vic today if you want to come. We'll probably leave in like thirty minutes."

"Wait!" Grace put her hands on her hips. "Why are you having lunch with Vic? How come I wasn't invited?"

"Jealous?" Luke asked.

Grace looked insulted. "Yes! Hello, she's my best friend. I should be the one inviting you guys to lunch with us."

Skylar snorted. "This is a dumb conversation. I'm Vic's best friend."

Grace shook her head. "No. You and Vic might have been closer before, but then you moved to New York. I'm definitely Vic's best friend now."

Luke laughed. "You two are cute. Vic and I are best friends."

"Hey! What's going on? Why's everybody here?" Victoire asked as she and Teddy strode into the kitchen.

"Well, I live here," Grace replied. "What are you doing here?"

"Oh, Luke and I had plans to get lunch and I was stopping by to see if you wanted to come too," Victoire told her.

"Wait, so you were going to invite Grace and not me?" Skylar demanded angrily.

"Told you I was her best friend," Grace said.

"You're just a tag-along because we're dating," Luke told her. "Just like Teddy."

"What?" Teddy looked confused.

"We're arguing over who is Vic's best friend," Skylar said.

"Oh," Vic said with a shrug. "Well, Teddy, obviously."

Teddy wrapped his arm around her and kissed the top of her head. "Since we were kids."

"Ugh, should've known she would've picked him," Luke said, shaking his head.

Victoire looked around. "Hey, where's Henry? I haven't seen the little guy in a while."

"Oh, Dad gets him today." Grace shrugged. "It's super annoying." She threw Luke a dirty look. "Especially because some people keep trying to make me go to my dad's."

"You haven't seen your baby sister since the summer, Gracie," Luke said through gritted teeth.

"Seriously, you wanna discuss this now?" Grace snapped.

"I figured everybody else might help me knock some sense into you," he said.

"Well, I think siblings are overrated," Skylar chimed in. "Mine kind of sucks."

"Caroline's a baby, though," Victoire pointed out. "She hasn't screwed up yet."

"Oh, trust me, she will," Skylar grumbled.

"Not helping, Skye," Luke said.

"Sorry."

Teddy grinned. "Come on, Gracie, who doesn't like babies?"

"It's not that I don't like Caroline. It's that I'm not a huge fan of her parents."

"Well, what if I go with you?" Skylar offered. "That way you have me as a buffer if your dad and Heidi start bothering you."

Grace sighed. "Fine. If it'll get all of you off my back, then fine."



* * *



When Grace opened the front door, she sighed. "What are you wearing?"

"It's Christmas!" Skylar exclaimed, twirling around happily. She had been decked out in red and green dress, green tights, and reindeer ears on top of her flowing blonde hair. She stuck out her shoes. "And look my shoes light up to match my ears."

"What the hell happened to you in New York?" Grace asked.

Skylar grinned. "Vincent likes to go all out for Christmas. Dad and I are playing along. It's kind of fun."

"Melissa's Vincent?"

"That's the one." Skylar stepped inside and looked around the foyer. "So, are you ready to go?"

Grace bit her lower lip. "Sure."

Skylar smiled. "Don't worry so much! It'll be fun!"

"Let's just get this over with," Grace muttered before disapparating.

"There's the spirit, Gracie," Skylar said before disapparting after her.

"Grace!" Heidi exclaimed as soon as they arrived. She ushered them inside happily. "And Skylar, nice to see you again, of course!"

"Yes, of course. Nice to see you too, Heidi." Skylar looked around. "So, where's Henry and Mr. Rhodes?"

"Oh, they're still having breakfast," Heidi told them. "Come along."

Grace and Skyalr followed her to the kitchen, where Grace, Jim, and the baby were.

"Gracie, you actually came," Jim said, stunned. He dropped his fork.

"Dad didn't think you'd actually show up," Henry said as he poured himself more orange juice.

Grace tugged at her skirt uncomfortably. "I only came to see the baby."

"Hi, Mr. Rhodes!" Skylar said cheerfully. She walked over to the high seat where Caroline was seated. "Cute kid."

"Thanks," Jim replied, glancing at Caroline.

Grace held up a small red bag. "I got her a Christmas gift. Nothing special. Just this really cute baby dress me and Vic found in Hogsmeade a few weeks ago."

Heidi took the bag eagerly. "Oh, Gracie, that's so sweet."

"Yeah, no problem." Grace cleared her throat awkwardly. There was an uncomfortable silence that followed.

Henry raised his eyebrows. "Skye, what are you wearing?"

"Don't be rude," Jim told him.

Skylar laughed. "It's fine." She looked at Henry. "I'm just in the Christmas spirit!"

"Would you like anything to eat or drink, Gracie!" Heidi said suddenly.

"Yes, yes!" Jim agreed. "We have all your favorites!"

Grace shook her head. "No, it's okay. Mum made a huge breakfast."

Skylar pointed to Caroline. "Mind if I pick her up."

"Do you know how to hold a baby?" Heidi asked.

"Is there a technique?"

"Yes, don't drop her."

Skylar nodded. "I can do that."

"Then go ahead." Heidi picked up Caroline and handed her to Skylar. Caroline looked at Skylar and grinned, where two little teeth were beginning to grow.

"She looks just like you," Skylar told Heidi.

Jim smiled. "She's beautiful, isn't she?"

Grace stepped forward and smiled at Caroline. "Hey, Care. You probably don't really remember me. It was still warm outside the last time I saw you."

Caroline smiled at her.

"Hey, Gracie, do you mind if we had a word?" Jim said, standing up.

Grace looked at Skylar, who gave her an encouraging nod.

"Erm…yeah, sure…" she finally replied, following her dad into the backyard.

"Grace, Heidi and I would love for you to be a part of Caroline's life."

"I would like that too," Grace told him. "The only problem is that being a part of Caroline's life means being a part of your life. And I don't think I'm interested in that."

"I know you're angry with me, but we're family, Gracie. You're my daughter! How long do you plan on staying angry?"

"Dad, you had an affair. You and Heidi broke up our family. And now I have this new little baby that I'm supposed to love and call my sister. And everybody's just supposed to be okay with that?"

"Grace—"

"No, you and mum and Henry all act like everything's fine and it's not! It's not even close to being fine." Grace took a deep breath. "Look, I didn't come here to fight with you. I just came to see Caroline. I'm not interested in fixing our relationship, Dad. Caroline is my sister and I will try to make more of an effort to be in her life, but that doesn't mean I'll be in your life, Dad." Grace sighed. "I'll see you inside," she said, turning around and heading back into the house.

In the kitchen, Skylar was sitting beside Henry. She was still holding Caroline as she told Heidi all about living in New York.

"Hey, where's your dad?" Heidi asked when she spotted Grace.

Grace glanced behind her. "Oh, I guess he's still inside."

"I'll go get him!" Heidi exclaimed. She touched Grace's arm on her way outside. "We're really glad you're here, Gracie."

Grace forced a smile. "Thanks."

Heidi scurried outside and Grace took a seat beside Skylar.

"Do you want to hold the baby?" Skylar asked.

Grace hesitated. "I don't know…"

Henry rolled his eyes. "Just do it. I hold her all the time. It's not that big of a deal."

Skylar laughed, handing Grace a cooing Caroline. "She's a good baby. Definitely a Rhodes."

Grace smiled down sadly at Caroline. "Well, unfortunately for her, being a Rhodes isn't all it's cracked up to be."

"You're telling me," Henry muttered.

Skylar looked between the two of them. "Godric, and I thought my family was depressing."





Everybody


We have fallen down again tonight

In this world it's hard to get it right

Trying to make your heart fit like a glove

What it needs is love, love, love

Everybody, everybody wants to love

Everybody, everybody wants to be loved

-Ingrid Michaelson



* * *



"Skylar, how was your trip back to England?"

Skylar glanced up from her magazine and smiled at the model sitting across from her. "It was fun, but I'm really glad to be back in New York. I missed the city."

"I bet. I spent Christmas in Georgia. Not the most exciting state."

Skylar smiled as her hair stylist began doing her hair. She never thought that working with so many muggles would be so easy. She didn't think she could live so long without magic, but it was much easier than she had expected. She liked that magic didn't dominate so much of her life, especially since it had taken away so much from her already.

Skylar looked around the set. It was packed with about twenty girls sitting at vanity tables with several different people doing their hair and make up.

"So, who's the photographer for this shoot anyway?" Skylar asked.

"Solomon Adams," Kendra, the designer and perhaps the most nervous person in the room, replied from behind Skylar as she stood in the center of the room, making sure the girls she'd hired looked perfect for her photoshoot.

Skylar's easy smile vanished. "Solomon?" she repeated, her voice tight. "Great."

"He's the best," Kendra agreed distractedly. "Less eyeshadow on her, please!" she exclaimed, hurrying over to one of the make up artists as he added generous amounts of green eye shadow to one of the girls.

Skylar shook her head. "Solomon Adams is a pretentious prick! I hate having to work with him."

Her hairstylist chuckled. "But he takes amazing pictures. Some of my favorite pictures of you were taken by him actually."

Skylar shrugged. "How hard could it be? You press a button."

"Because modeling is such hard work," Solomon drawled sarcastically as he came up behind Skylar.

She glared at him through the mirror. "Hello, Solomon."

"I heard you were going to be in this shoot," he said with a sigh. "Anyway, you're up first." He turned to the man working on her hair. "Can you have her ready in the next five minutes?"

Skylar rolled her eyes as Solomon left. They'd hated each other the instant they'd met. Solomon was arrogant, pretentious, and rude. He corrected everything Skylar said, belittled her, and was a complete know-it-all. And not in the cute Gracie kind of way either.

They'd had to work together on several occasions. Skylar knew he was an amazing photographer and he was extremely young for the amount of success he'd already acquired. But she still couldn't stand how arrogant he was or how much better he thought he was. Skylar knew that Solomon thought she was a snob and vain, but the truth was, he was so much worse than her.



* * *



Victoire sighed. "Every year we have to go through this," she grumbled.

Grace peered at her. "Well, I just don't like my birthday."

"Which is weird! Everybody loves their birthday."

"Well, Skye is in New York and Luke is in London. It just feels weird to celebrate without them."

Victoire sighed. "Come on. Just a small party."

"Vic, you're the most well-known person at this ruddy school. Any party you throw automatically gets out of control."

"Okay, so we won't throw it in the Room of Requirement. We'll just do something here in the common room."

"Right because wild parties never happen in the common room," Grace replied with an eye roll.

"Okay, so we'll do it on our bloody room. Just the girls. No boys are even allowed upstairs! It'll be small and fun!"

Grace bit her lower lip. "Fine."

"Brilliant!" Victoire beamed. "Isn't it weird that in a few days you'll be eighteen?"

"What's weirder? In a few months, we'll be finished with Hogwarts."

Victoire shuddered. "I don't' even want to think about that."

"What? Being out in the real world?" Grace shrugged. "Skye's doing it."

"Yeah, and she's doing it without magic."

Grace shook her head. "I know. I don't know how she's doing it."

"You know, I don't think she's having too much trouble with it. When we saw her over break…she seemed happy…"

Grace grimaced. "I know. I actually haven't seen her like that in a while."

"Not since Alexander."



* * *



Skylar pulled her hair into a messy ponytail and sighed as she looked around the empty bedroom. Living in New York was lonely sometimes, especially considering all her friends were living across the ocean from her.

Skylar opened the drawer, not sure what she was looking for. Inside, buried underneath several pieces of papers and an envelope, was a picture frame. Frowning, Skylar pulled it out. She'd forgotten she'd put that in there. It was a framed picture of her and Alexander from the prior summer. They were standing in front of a beach, grinning up at the camera. In her attempts to forget about Alexander, Skylar had stuffed away anything that reminded her of him. The problem was that she kept accidentally finding the things she'd hidden.

"Well, fuck," she muttered before stuffing the picture back into the drawer and closing it.

Just then, her cell phone rang loudly, making her jump. Skylar reached into her pocket and frowned down at the unknown number calling her.

"Hello," she said uncertainly, pulling the phone up to her ear.

"Hey, what's up Skye!" Teddy's familiar voice said cheerfully.

"Teddy? Why are you using a muggle phone? How are you using a muggle phone?"

"Grandpa Weasley taught me," he explained. "I figured since you're magic free now, I need to find a way to contact you quickly. Owls just won't cut it. Especially if there's an emergency."

"Why would there be an emergency?"

"Gee, I don't know, Skye. Maybe because you're secretly a witch in disguise as a muggle to keep yourself safe from the magical world that is currently under turmoil thanks to those pesky death eaters who keep murdering innocent people."

"You know, I don't miss the sarcasm."

"Anyway, my colleagues tell me you're going to Italy tomorrow."

Skylar grimaced. "I hate that you have aurors tailing me. It's starting to get creepy."

"Maybe so but it keeps you safe," he said seriously. "Now, Italy is a bit dangerous right now. Are you sure you want to go?"

"Definitely. We're doing the most amazing photoshoot there. It's too good of an opportunity for me to miss."

"I figured you'd say that. Listen, I'm adding a few more people to watch you while you're an Italy. I don't like the idea of you not being able to use magic in a foreign country, but I reckon it's the best way to keep you safe. So, promise me you've been staying away from your wand?"

Skylar sighed. "Yes, I promise I haven't been using magic. Nor will I." She felt her stomach drop as she said these words. Sure, magic had brought her so much unhappiness in the past year, but it was still a part of her. Sometimes, she felt like a fraud not being able to use it.

"Okay, good. I just want to make sure you don't do anything stupid." She could almost hear him rolling his eyes.

Skylar smiled. "Hey, Teddy?"

"Yeah?"

"I miss you."

"I miss you too, Skye."



* * *



Solomon rolled his eyes when he spotted the leggy blonde. Skylar was standing in the middle of the airport with her hands on her hips while three large suitcases sat neatly beside her.

"You know, you're only allowed two suitcases," he told her as he walked toward her.

Noticing Solomon, Skylar attempted to hide her annoyance. She wasn't very good. "Hey, Solomon."

"We're only going for a week. What could you possibly need three suitcases for?"

"After Italy, I'm flying to Mexico for a different photoshoot." Skylar bit her lower lip. "I need options."

"Again, we're only allowed two suitcases."

She shrugged. "Not if you pay the fee."

"You're seriously willing to spend all that money just to bring a third suitcase."

Skylar looked down at her luggage. "It's times like these that I really wish I could use magic," she muttered.

Solomon nodded. "You and me both."

Skylar looked up at him and blinked. "Oh, I didn't mean—never mind."

"You need help with your third bag?" Solomon offered, motioning to the only small bag he was carrying.

Skylar looked at him warily. "No, it's fine."

"I'm trying to be nice here."

"And I politely decline your offer. I'll figure it out myself."

"Just let me help you carry your ruddy bags. You obviously need help."

"No, I don't. I just need a cart."

"But you don't have a cart."

"I'll find one."

"But you don't need to find one, since I'm offering to help."

Skylar narrowed her eyes at him. "Fine. You can help me."

"Jeez, it's not like I'm doing you a favor or anything," he grumbled, picking up her largest suitcase and leading the way toward the luggage check-in.

"Why are you being a gentleman?" Skylar asked, following him.

"I'm always a gentleman."

She snorted. "No, you're not."

"Okay, that was rude."

"Rude, but honest."

Solomon glanced at her in half-annoyance. "I'm trying to help you and you're complaining?"

"Because I'm trying to figure out what you're up to. You're never nice to me."

"Well, maybe I just realized that you're becoming one of the most famous and well-known models of our time and every designer wants to work with you, which means I'll have to work with you on many projects in the future if I also wish to work with those designers. And I'd rather tolerate you than hate you for the rest of my life."

"You really think I'm becoming famous?" Skylar said eagerly.

"Did you hear the part about me?"

"Yeah, but I just didn't care."

Solomon gritted his teeth. "I have to tell you, you're not making liking you easy."

Skylar shrugged. "Look, I get it. You're a photographer and I'm a model. We'll have to work together a lot. We'll have to at least be cordial and get along. Blah blah blah. I can do that."

Solomon suddenly stopped and set Skylar's suitcase down. "Excellent."

"Why'd you stop?"

"We're at the check-in," he replied, motioning toward the long line.

"We're international," Skylar told him, shaking her head. "And this line is only for domestic flights."

"Is not.

"Yes, it is."

"Do you really think I wouldn't know what line we are."

"Oh, and you think I wouldn't?"

"You know what, why don't we just check the ruddy sign."

"Fine by me," Skylar grumbled, pointing to the large sign that read domestic. "And look at that! Domestic. What did I tell you?"

Solomon rolled his eyes. "Well, everybody has to be right once in their life."

Skylar stared at him. "Ugh, this is going to be the longest week of my life," she said before abruptly turning around and walking toward the international flight line. She felt Solomon reluctantly following her and a smug smirk tugged at the corners of her lips.



* * *



Grace ran her fingers through her dark hair. Sometimes it just wasn't easy being friends with Victoire.

"Hey, Gracie!" Victoire beamed, waving her over.

Grace started forward, pushing her way through the group of Victoire's admirers as they fawned over her. Grace was usually used to all the attention Victoire got and it usually didn't bother. But sometimes it was just freaking annoying.

"So, are you excited for your birthday?" Victoire asked, scooting over to make room for her on the bench. She motioned for all the blokes ogling her to leave.

"Nope."

"Can you at least pretend to be excited?"

"Nope." Grace poured herself some cereal. "Skylar's not here. Sienna's not here. Luke's not here. Hell, I even miss Finn and Teddy."

Victoire shrugged. "I actually just got a letter from Skylar today." She held up a piece of parchment paper. "She's on her way to Italy."

"Runway show?"

"No, photoshoot." Victoire handed her a card and a small box. Grace peered down at the pile of birthday cards and letters sitting in front of Victoire. "Are those mine?"

"Yeah, the owl post came in while you were gone."

Grace eyed the letter at the top, instantly recognizing her father's handwriting. "And I guess my dad still hasn't taken the hint," she muttered, taking the envelope and ripping it in half.

Victoire raised her eyebrows. "I'm glad your anger and bitterness toward your father has diminished over the years."

"I can't help it, Vic! I wish I could be like everybody else and act like what my dad did isn't a big deal, but I can't!"

Victoire bit her lower lip. "You know how we're always telling Skye it's time she forgave Mel—"

Grace interrupted her. "Not the same thing!"

"It's kind of the same thing."

"My dad betrayed my family."

"And Melissa didn't betray her family?"

Grace sighed. "Alright, fine. You've got a point. But I'm still not going to talk to my dad."

"You know, speaking of Melissa, did you get the invitation to her wedding."

Grace's eyes widened. "Yes! I forgot to tell you!"

"Me too!"

"Are you going to go?"

"I don't know! If Skye isn't going, it'd be weird if we went, right?"

"Right." Grace nodded resolutely.

"But do we know if Skylar's going?"



* * *



"Hell no, I'm not going," Skylar scoffed.

"That's what I thought you'd say." Teddy moved his cellphone from one ear to the next. "You know I'm really starting to get the hang of this muggle phone thing."

Skylar laughed. "Why do you ask anyway."

"Vic and Gracie need to know if they should RSVP to the wedding."

"Well, they can go if they want. But there's no way in hell I'm setting foot in the same room as that witch."

"You're a witch too."

"Not that kind of witch, moron."

Teddy sighed dramatically. "So, I should tell them you're not going?"

"That's right. And also why didn't they just ask me themselves?"

"Because you are no longer a Witch Mirror call away and writing you a letter by owl would've taken too long."

Skylar was silent for a moment. The only downside of living a magic-free life in New York was being so far away from Grace and Victoire. It sucked not being able to talk to them everyday.

"Oh, Skye, I've gotta go. My breaks over. Have fun in Italy and call me if you need anything."

Before Skylar could even say goodbye, Teddy had already hung up. Sighing, she tossed her phone on the empty hotel bed. A sudden overwhelming feeling of sadness overtook her. Her friends were like strangers to her now.





Ok, It's Alright With Me


OK it's alright with me

Some things are just meant to be

It never comes easily

And when it does I'm already gone

I'm practically never still

More likely to move until

I end up alone at will

My life continues inching along

-Eric Hutchinson



* * *



Skylar spotted the girls sitting at a table outside. "Hey, sorry, I'm late. I stayed behind to see the pictures."

They'd only been in Italy a few days and Skylar had already fallen in love with it. It was beautiful and the food was amazing and everything about it just made her smile.

"Did you invite Solomon to come?" Miranda, one of the models working on the photoshoot, asked.

Skylar made a face. "No. Should I have?"

"It would've been nice," Kelsey, another one of the models, said with a shrug. "He did spend all day taking our pictures."

"Next time," Skylar said, though she knew she had no intention of inviting Solomon.

"Are you ready to order?" Miranda asked, setting down her menu.

She glanced down. "Sure."

Skylar was only half way through dinner when she spotted him. It was like seeing a ghost. Skylar dropped her fork and her jaw dropped.

"Skye, are you sure you don't want a drink?" Kelsey asked, hardly noticing Skylar's shock.

"You need to try some of this wine!" Miranda agreed. "You'll have a perfect buzz when we leave for the club."

Skylar barely heard them, though. She was staring at Alexander. It'd been months since she'd last seen him. His dark hair had grown longer and he'd gotten a little more muscular in his arms. His smile was still the same though—goofy and sincere. He was standing outside a small gelato shop, holding hands with a pretty-looking girl. Skylar suddenly felt as if somebody had punched her stomach.

"Umm…Skylar? Hello, are you even listening?" Krissy asked impatiently.

Skylar blinked. She focused her attention back on the girls. "What? Sorry. Yeah, I'll definitely be needing a drink." She glanced back at Alexander as the girls filled up her glass. He was now walking down the street with the blonde girl. They were still holding hands and chatting happily. Skylar gulped down her wine. He looked happy. Much happier than she felt.

The breakup had happened over six months ago and Skylar knew she should've been moving on. But she just couldn't. for some reason, Skylar thought Alexander would feel the same way. She hoped he wouldn't be able to move on either. Clearly, she'd been hoping wrong. Alexander had obviously been able to move on with his life.

And there was nothing wrong with that. It'd been months since they'd even seen each other. Skylar knew she shouldn't be upset about this. Normal people moved on with their lives. Somehow, though, despite knowing that, Skylar still felt like somebody had punched her in the stomach.

"Skylar, slow down," Kelsey said with a small laugh as Skylar refilled her drink.



* * *



Solomon spotted Skylar the instant he walked inside. How could he not? She was beautiful. Annoying as all hell, but definitely beautiful. Though he'd never admit, Alexander loved taking pictures of her. He was able to capture her beauty unlike anybody else he'd ever shot before.

"Solomon, you got my text!" Kelsey exclaimed.

He nodded. "Yeah, thanks for the invite. This is a cool club…"

Kelsey looked around and laughed when she saw Skylar. "I think Skye agrees with you…"

Solomon looked at Skylar. She was dancing with a handsome bloke, looking red-faced and out of breath.

"She looks drunk. Is she okay?" he asked concernedly.

Kelsey shrugged. "She saw her ex with another girl a few hours earlier."

"Ah." Solomon glanced at Skylar again. "Sounds rough."

"Yeah, I don't blame her for getting wasted." She pointed to the bar. "The rest of us are over there. Come on!"



* * *



Alexander looked around the little town with a faint smile on his face. Skylar would've loved it here, he couldn't help but think. She always joked about her "Italian" man.

Alexander quickly shook his head, feeling guilty for thinking about Skylar. He was with Natasha now. Natasha had been the first girl to make him forget about Skylar, to make him feel like he could love another girl again.

Natasha and Skylar were very different. For starters, Natasha had dark brown hair and olive skin. Skylar had wavy blonde hair and fair skin. Natasha kept her make up minimal and natural looking and Skylar's make up was always dramatic and striking. Natasha was elegant and poised. Skylar was wild and bold. Natasha liked museums and galleries. Skylar liked concerts and parties. They would've hated each other if they ever met.

But Alexander loved both of them. In very different ways. He fell hard and fast for Skylar. She was exciting and fun. He sometimes had a hard time keeping up with her. She always made him look at life like it was an adventure. He sometimes wondered if he would ever stop loving Skylar.

He loved Natasha too. She was worldly and elegant and enchanting. He was in awe with everything she said and did. Alexander sometimes felt guilty for still loving Skylar. Natasha deserved all of him, and he hoped someday he could give that to her.

"What are you thinking about?" Natasha asked, squeezing his hand.

Alexander glanced at her, his face burning. He was thinking about Skylar. How she would've loved Italy. How he'd always planned on taking her there. How he knew he would've taken her to all the vineyards for wine tasting and to Mount Etna because she would've loved to hike and ski up there.

"Have you ever been to Mount Etna?" he asked.

Natasha nodded. "I did a wine tasting up there a few years ago. It's absolutely beautiful…"

Alexander smiled. "We should go some time while we're here. The hike must be impeccable."

Natasha crinkled her nose. "Hike? You know there are other means of getting up there?"

"Yeah?"

"Apparating?" she suggested. "One of the many perks of having magical powers."

Alexander chuckled as he continued their stroll down the cobblestoned street. "You're right," he said, but he couldn't help but think about Skylar again. Her face would've lit up at his suggestion. He loved the way her dark brown eyes sparkled whenever she smiled at him. He wondered if he would ever see her smile at him like that again.



* * *



Skylar gulped down the shot Miranda had handed her. She barely felt the alcohol burn down her throat this time.

"Geez, Skye, how many of those have you taken?" Kelsey asked.

"Let's go dance," a husky voice said in her ear. Skylar glanced sideways and wasn't surprised to see the guy that'd been following her around all night.

Skylar gave him a quizzical look. He was cute. Not the most handsome bloke she'd seen in her life, but he would do for a dance or two. Hopefully, somebody better would come along.

"Yeah, okay," she said, almost sounding bored. She took Miranda's shot and gulped it down.

"Hey!" Miranda exclaimed, looking mildly amused.

"Sorry," Skylar murmured before hopping off the bar stool. She'd forgotten she was wearing heels and nearly fell. Luckily, Solomon reached out and steadied her.

"Are you sure you're okay?" he asked her, glancing quickly at the guy waiting impatiently to dance with Skylar.

Skylar shrugged. "I'm fine. Thanks for catching me."

Solomon let her go and nodded. "No problem."

She left her friends behind at the bar and followed her mystery friend onto the dance floor. Somehow, the alcohol wasn't having the same effect on her as it usually did. Skylar wasn't having fun and dancing on table tops and making out with cute boys. She was miserable and trying to force herself to have fun. It wasn't working.



* * *



Solomon watched Skylar out of the corner of his eye. The other models were now playing a drinking game and giggling loudly as they got drunker and drunker. Solomon sipped on his beer and wondered if he should get out of there.

Usually, he'd be down to be playing drinking games with a dozen beautiful girls. But tonight, he felt uneasy. Skylar was different. She wasn't loud and happy and bubbly. She wasn't acting wild and unruly at all. In fact, she hadn't annoyed him once that night.

And that scared him. She'd been quiet and bored all night. Her smiles and laughs had all been forced and she seemed distracted. She'd just left with some bloke to go dance, but her heart just didn't seem in it.

"She must've really loved him, huh," he said to nobody in particular.

Kelsey looked at him. "What?"

"Skylar," Solomon clarified. "She must've really loved that ex of hers."

Kelsey shrugged. "No clue." She turned to the other girls. "Hey, Bridget, that's you! You have to take a drink!"

Solomon turned and watched Skylar. She was still dancing with the bloke, but she looked miserable. She kept looking around as if hoping to find an excuse to leave. Solomon wondered if he should go save her.

But then the guy leaned forward and stuck his tongue down her throat. Skylar seemed caught off guard at first but then she quickly fell into it and kissed him back.

"Damn, that's a hot kiss," Miranda observed with a laugh, pointing to Skylar. She whipped out her phone and snapped a picture. "I am so blackmailing her with this tomorrow."

The other girls laughed lightheartedly before continuing their drinking game.



* * *



Skylar felt herself being pulled into the corner and pinned up against the wall. She could feel Italian Guy's hot breath against her skin as his lips trailed down her neck and his hands slipped under her shirt.

Skylar closed her eyes and tilted her head back. She shouldn't have been doing this. She hardly knew this guy. She didn't even know his name. But then she remembered Alexander's smile as the dark haired girl took his hand earlier that night. And then Skylar found herself kissing Italian Guy back.

"Skylar."

The familiar voice brought Skylar back to reality and her eyes snapped open.

"Come on, Skye. Everybody's gone."

Skylar squinted her eyes until Solomon's blurred figure came into better focus. "Okay," she found herself saying as he reached out for her hand.

"No, stay," Italian Guy said, holding Skylar back.

Solomon shook his head. "Come on, Skylar. You'll regret this tomorrow. You've been drinking. Take my hand."

Skylar hesitated before stumbling forward and falling into Solomon and leaving Italian Guy behind.





Break Your Plans


Break your plans tonight

Lay your hand in mine

There's no guarantee we'll make it, make this thing right

But break your plans for me tonight

Tonight...

You call this closure

It's barely over

How do you move on so fast?

Maybe there's someone

Maybe it's all gone

I guess I'm just afraid to look back

But all that counts

Is what comes next

-The Fray



* * *



Skylar sat up and looked around the unfamiliar room, a sinking feeling in the pit of her stomach. She spotted Solomon on the floor, his face buried in a pillow. Checking to make sure she still had her clothes on, Skylar let out a sigh of relief.

"Solomon," she whispered loudly, tossing a pillow at him.

Solomon looked up and winced. "What?"

"What the hell happened last night?" Skylar exclaimed, burying her face in her hands. "We didn't…"

"Sleep together? Hell no." Solomon stood up. "You almost went home with some loser and I didn't want you to wake up with any regrets."

"So, you took me back to your place and tucked me into you bed?" she asked him dubiously.

"Right after I held your hair back as you threw up in my bathroom."

Skylar winced. "Sorry."

"It's fine. You feeling okay?"

"Oh, yeah, brilliant," she muttered sarcastically.

Solomon cleared his throat uncomfortably. "Kelsey told me you ran into your ex last night. Sorry about that."

"I didn't exactly run into him...I would've said hi but the new girlfriend threw me off…"

"That sucks."

Skylar shrugged. "I'll be fine."

"And I'm sorry if I crossed a line last night. I just knew you were really drunk and it didn't seem like you were in the right state of mind to decide whether or not you wanted to go home with that guy…I thought it was the right thing to do, especially since everybody else had left the bar already…"

Skylar held her hand up. "You don't have to explain. I'm glad you didn't let me go home with that guy." She bit her lower lip. "You know, I'm not usually like that. I swear."

"Yeah, no, I know."

"It just threw me off…seeing Alexander with that girl…I don't normally go home with random guys. It's important to me that you know that."

"I believe you."

"You do?"

"Yeah."

Skylar nodded. "Okay, good."

Solomon shrugged. "So, you must've really cared about that guy."

"Yeah, I did. I loved him. I still love him."



* * *



"So, tell me everything," Victoire said eagerly from the other end of the phone.

"How in the hell are you using a phone?" Skylar demanded. She was sitting at the airport, waiting to board her plane. "You're at Hogwarts!"

"No, I'm not. I'm in Hogsmeade! Teddy's visiting this weekend. He taught me how to us it."

"So, Teddy's in Hogsmeade?"

"Yeah, just for the afternoon. He's got a meeting with the Headmaster about tightening up security. I'm in his hotel room, waiting for him to come back."

Skylar nodded. "Oh, okay. So, how was Gracie's birthday? Did she have fun!"

Victoire was silent for a moment. "Is there a reason you're avoiding the question?"

"What question?"

"The one about Italy."

Skylar sighed. "There might be."

"What happened?" Victoire deadpanned.

Skylar gulped. "I saw Alexander."

"What?"

"He was with someone. A girl, to be specific."

"An ugly girl?"

"No, a very pretty girl."

"Maybe it was just a relative or a friend!"

Skylar shook her head. "Friends don't hold hands."

"Some do!"

"Not like the way they were."

Victoire sighed. "So, he's seeing someone?"

"I'm assuming so."

"You didn't ask?"

"I didn't talk to him."

"Why not?"

"Gee, I don't know, Vic," Skylar said sarcastically. "The gorgeous girl on his arm kind of threw me off."

Victoire sighed. "I'm sorry, Skye. Did seeing him ruin your trip?"

"No, just the night. I almost went home with some sleazy Italian guy. That was embarrassing."

"You love Italian guys!"

"Not that one. Thank Godric for Solomon."

"Who the hell is Solomon?"

"Ugh, this annoying photographer that I have to work with all the time. He saved me from going home with that guy. Actually, I think we're kind of friends now."

"Is he cute?"

"Who? Solomon?" Skylar shrugged. "I guess. Not really my type, though."

Victoire sighed sadly. "Are you sure you can't come back to Britain any time soon?"

"Not unless I want to give Teddy an aneurism. He was already peeved I left New York."

"Yes, well, I don't blame him. Things have gotten pretty bad here. After this weekend, I don't think we'll be allowed any more Hogsmeade trips. It's gotten too dangerous."

"That's too bad."

Victoire bit her lip. "Do you miss it all? The magic, I mean."

"Sometimes. Mostly, I just miss you guys."

Victoire was quiet for a moment. "Yeah, I get that. Your birthdays coming up soon. It'll be the first one you celebrate since leaving Hogwarts."

"It'll be my first one without you guys too," Skylar said sadly.



* * *



Skylar opened the door to her empty apartment and sighed sadly. She hated living alone. She went from sharing a room with four other girls most of the year and living in an enormous castle to being all alone in a tiny New York City apartment. After closing the door behind her, Skylar reached into her purse and pulled out her cellphone. She scrolled through her contacts until spotting her dad's number. Eager for conversation, she pressed the call button.

"Finally, she calls!" her dad exclaimed after the first ring.

"Hey, Daddy," Skylar said softly.

"I'm assuming you got back okay? I told you to call me as soon as your flight landed!"

"Sorry. I just got back home." She switched her cellphone to her other ear. "I called as soon as I could."

"The trip went well?"

"It was brilliant!" Skylar smiled. "I saw Alexander there."

There was silence. "Really."

"Yeah, he was dating somebody new."

"Well, that's good. Hopefully, this young lady was his own age."

"Dad…"

Jonathan sighed. "Sorry. I liked Alexander. You know that. I just…I wish there hadn't been such an age difference."

"It was only a few years."

"Enough to make him your professor."

"Dad, I don't want to talk about this."

He cleared his throat. "Sorry. Are you okay?"

"Yeah, it was just weird. That's all." She forced a smile. "So, tell me how you've been."

"Oh, you have no idea how busy I've been. You would think that considering your sister has been engaged once before, she would know how to plan a ruddy wedding."

"She's getting stressed?"

"That's putting it lightly. As the wedding date approaches, more and more little problems pop up. Just last night, the caterers cancelled. Luckily, Vincent made a few phone calls this morning and they found another one. I thought your sister was going to pass out when she heard, though."

Skylar chuckled. "Well, soon, it'll be all over."

"Speaking of the wedding, we still haven't gotten your RSVP. Now, obviously you don't need to send in a little card, but are you planning on bringing a date? Mel needs a head count. And obviously we have you down for chicken, but would your date prefer the fish?"

Skylar frowned. "Erm…no, no date."

"Okay, excellent! Just your friends, then?"

"Dad," Skylar said slowly, "you are aware I'm not coming, right?"

"Well, of course you are!"

"No, I'm not. You had to have known this!"

Jonathan was quiet. "You're telling me you won't be attending your only sister's wedding?"

"Considering I was banned from her last wedding, I don't think she'd mind."

"Those were different circumstances."

"Dad!"

Jonathan let out a long sigh. "Skylar, I know you have issues with your sister, but you'll regret not coming to her wedding!"

Skylar gritted her teeth. "I'm not coming to the wedding, Dad. End of story."

"Skylar-"

"Bye, Dad!" Skylar cut him off quickly before hanging up the phone. Huffing, Skylar angrily opened her desk drawer in search of a charger. She wondered if it were possible to call Victoire or Teddy again. She needed somebody to rant to about Melissa and it was much harder to keep in contact with them without a Witch Mirror. All she could use, with the utmost discretion of course, were bloody owls. Skylar peered inside the drawer, hoping to see the extra charger, but what she saw instead made her heart sink.

It was the photograph of her and Alexander she'd hidden away weeks before. It felt like somebody had punched her gut all over again. "Oh, Alex," she murmured, picking up the picture. "I always thought you'd come back to me..." Skylar let out a deep breath before returning the picture to the drawer and closing it. She'd always thought Alexander would find his way back to her...

She wanted more than anything for him to leave the brunette he was with and come find her, come tell her that it was all a huge misunderstanding and that he was still madly in love with her...

Skylar wasn't an idiot. She knew that was never going to happen, but that didn't stop her from hoping, from wishing that somehow Alexander would realize they'd made a mistake in ending things, that they belonged together. Skylar didn't understand how he'd moved on so fast, how he'd forgotten all about her so quickly. She wished she could do the same.





Wonderland


But darling, we found wonderland

You and I got lost in it

And we pretended it could last forever

Eh

We found wonderland

You and I got lost in it

And life was never worse but never better

-Taylor Swift



* * *



Grace cleared her throat importantly. Victoire glanced up at her from her magazine. "You alright, Gracie?"

They were sitting in their compartment on the Hogwarts Express, heading back home for the Easter holidays. It was almost lonely just the two of them. A few years ago, they barely had enough room for everybody.

"I have something to tell you," Grace told her.

Victoire straightened up. "Something bad?"

"No, something good. Something really good, actually."

"Okay," Victoire said slowly.

Grace took a deep breath and reached into her bag. She pulled out a large envelope and handed it to Victoire.

"What is this?" Victoire asked, frowning down at the envelope.

"A few weeks ago, I sent in your resume for a job. A cursebreaking job in Egypt. Like the one your dad had years back."

"What?"

"I knew you would never send it in yourself, so I took the initiative and applied for you."

"You did what?"

Grace held up her hand. "Now, before you get mad, I think you should know that you got it. You got the job."

Victoire's eyes widened. "What?"

Grace pointed to the envelope. "You got the job, Vic. It starts as soon as you graduate." She smiled at her proudly. "You did it."

Victoire stared down at the envelope in her hands. "Oh my Godric…" She looked up at Grace. "How in the world did you do this?"

"Last year when Professor Alexander was talking to me about possible internships, he gave me a bunch of brochures and flyers about possible job positions and internships. I noticed the cursebreaker one, but I have no interest in being a cursebreaker. I kept it anyway, thinking I'd give it to you, but when all that drama with Skylar and Professor Alexander happened, I forgot all about it." She shrugged. "When I was cleaning out some of my old notes, I found the brochure. I looked into it a bit more, filled out an application for you, sent them your resume, and they finally wrote back yesterday."

Victoire stared at her in disbelief. "Why didn't you tell me?"

Grace hesitated. "I knew it would take a lot to convince you to fill it out. I knew you would think you wouldn't get it, so I just figured I'd do it for you."

Victoire shook her head. "This is incredible. Egypt?"

"Your dad's going to be so excited!"

"I know! He loved Egypt. I reckon he'd still be living there if it weren't for my family."

"He moved back to be with your mum?"

Victoire nodded. "Well, that and the whole war with Voldemort was starting. I reckon he's always wanted to go back, though."

"Merlin, it's so crazy. Once you graduate, you'll be living in another country."

"I know! It's…" Her smile suddenly vanished. "It's so far away from Teddy…"



* * *



When the train came to a halt at King's Cross, Victoire and Grace grabbed their trunks and made their way off the train. Grace spotted her family instantly and hurried toward them after giving Victoire a quick hug goodbye.

"Congratulations again," she said quietly with a small hint of pride in her voice.

Victoire smiled. "Thanks." She let go of her trunk and looked around the crowded train station. All around her, students were happily reuniting with their families. Bill and Fleur were nowhere to be seen, though. Instead, leaning against the brick pole was a tall, sandy brown haired boy. He was grinning at Victoire with the same heartbreaking smirk she loved so much.

"Teddy!" Victoire squealed before abandoning her luggage and sprinting toward him.

"Godric, I missed you," Teddy murmured, pulling her into his arms and giving her an intense kiss.

"I thought my parents were picking me up," Victoire said breathlessly once Teddy finally released her.

"I didn't have work today, so I told your parents I could do it. Besides, they have to pick up Dominique and Louis today too, so I reckon I made it easier on them." He flicked his wand lazily and Victoire's luggage slowly started rolling toward them.

Victoire grinned. "Brilliant. So, your place?" She wrapped her arms around his neck. "It's been weeks…"

Teddy rested his forehead against hers. "Trust me, I know. But your parents would kill me if I didn't bring you back to Shell Cottage first."

Victoire sighed and dropped her hands to her side. "Then we should probably go."

Teddy nodded. "Just one more thing."

"What?"

He took her hand, pulling her toward him and leaned down to give her a sweet kiss. "I just missed being able to do that." He wrapped his arm around her waist and led her through the crowd, her trunk following behind them diligently. "Just think, after you graduate, we'll be able to do that every single day because we'll be able to see each other every day!"

Victoire's smile wavered. "Yeah…"



* * *



"His name is Enrique!" Dominique gushed. "And I love him!"

"You're fifteen," Victoire reminded her. "And you've only known him a few months."

"So? You were fifteen when you and Teddy started dating!" Dominique said angrily.

"Good point. Go on."

Dominique beamed. "Victoire, he's beautiful. And he says my name with this super cute Spanish accent! Oh, and the way he rolls his r's!"

Teddy frowned. "How in Merlin's pants did you manage to meet some Latin guy at Beauxbaton?"

"He's new. He transferred back in January." Dominique smiled dreamily. "I think he's the most handsome bloke I've ever met. And he's charming. Funny. Sensitive."

Teddy smiled. "Ah, to be young and in love."

Victoire flicked him. "Hey, moron, you are young and in love."

Teddy rolled his eyes. "I meant puppy love."

"It's not puppy love!" Dominique flared up. "Godric, you two are so annoying!"

Victoire grinned. "Sorry, Doms. Continue."

Dominique crossed her arms. "You two aren't the only people in the world who can find true love, you know."

"We never said that!" Victoire laughed. "And who said anything about true love."

"Are you saying I'm not your true love?" Teddy asked.

Victoire snorted. "This conversation is getting ridiculous."

Teddy grinned. "We're sorry, Dominique. I'm sure what you have with Enrique is very serious and real."

"It is." Dominique huffed. "Just because I'm younger than the two of you, doesn't mean I can't have real feelings."

"We know, Doms," Victoire told her soothingly. "It's just that Teddy and I see you as our little Dominique. It's crazy to hear you talking about boys."

"What's going to be crazy is when Louis brings home a girl. I don't think I'll be able to handle it." Teddy shook his head.

Victoire looked at Dominique. "Have you told Dad about Enrique yet?"

Dominique shook her head. "After the way he reacted to you and Teddy dating? No way."

"I know," Teddy said with a sigh. "Your dad used to love me."

"He still does," Victoire assured him.

"No, now he sees me as the arse who's screwing his daughter," Teddy said.

Dominque nodded. "He's not wrong."

"Well, once he gets over the fact that I'm an adult and no longer a little girl, I reckon he'll start to like you."

"Hey, after her finds out about Enrique, I reckon I won't look so bad."

Dominque shook her head. "Don't be so share. Vic is Dad's favorite. You'll still suck."

"I am not his favorite!" Victoire exclaimed.

"Yes, you are. And I'm Mum's favorite. It's just the way it is." Dominque shrugged.

"Well, what about Louis?" Victoire demanded.

"Uncle Charlie seems to like him a lot," Dominique said with a shrug.

"Lunch is ready!" Fleur's voice trilled from downstairs.

Teddy stood up and helped Victoire up. "We should go."

(SKIP)

Teddy's hand traced Victoire inner thigh. Grinning, Victoire grabbed his hand and stopped it. "My parents are sitting across from us," she murmured.

Teddy chuckled. "Sorry."

"So, what are you two whispering about over there?" Fleur asked.

Victoire looked at her mother. "Just how good your cooking is, Mum."

"You're a liar, but it's a compliment so I'll take it," Fleur said.

Bill grinned. "So, Vic, just a few more months until you graduate. Have you thought about what you're doing yet?"

Victoire squeezed Teddy's hand and took a deep breath. "Yeah, I've actually applied to a few places. I'm just waiting to hear back," she lied.

"Brilliant! Where've you applied?" Bill asked eagerly, sitting up.

Victoire stared at her food. "Erm…can we actually talk about this later? I want to hear all about Louis and Dominique's school year!"

Teddy set his fork and knife down. "Merlin, I didn't realize it was so late. I promised Finn I'd feed the dogs and let them out." He glanced down at Victoire. "I'll see you later?"

Victoire jumped up. "What? No! I'll go with you!"

"Of course you will," Fleur muttered, shaking her head. "Have her home at a decent hour this time, Teddy, won't you?"

"Of course, Fleur," Teddy said before taking Victoire's hand.



* * *



Victoire followed Teddy inside Grimmauld Place. It was dark inside and she could hear Finn's dogs barking upstairs, probably locked inside his room. Victoire closed the front door behind her and turned around to face Teddy. He grabbed her hand and pulled her close to him, their faces nearly touching. Victoire looked at his lips, her heart pounding as she held her breath, waiting for him to kiss her.

"Finally alone," Teddy murmured as his face drew closer to hers.

"Finally..." she whispered before Teddy kissed her fiercely.

Victoire felt as if her insides were about to burst as every cell in her body exploded with pleasure. Teddy pinned Victoire up against the wall as his lips skidded down her jaw line. Victoire gasped and wound her legs around Teddy's waist. Teddy's lips returned to hers as his fingers wandered up her thighs.

Victoire gasped and pulled away from him. She cupped his face in her hands. "Bedroom," she said, breathing heavily. "Now."



* * *



Victoire rolled over. Teddy was fast asleep beside her. Sighing, she rested her chin on his chest and stared up at him expectantly. "Hey, Teddy," she whispered. He stirred slightly but didn't wake. Victoire poked him. "Teddy!" she said more loudly.

"Hmm," he said sleepily.

"I have something I need to talk to you about," she told him importantly.

"And this couldn't wait til the morning?"

"No."

Teddy sighed and opened his eyes. "Okay, I'm listening."

Victoire sat up anxiously. "Okay, so, you know how badly I've wanted to be a cursebreaker."

He raised his eyebrows. "Yes, I believe you've mentioned it. You know, only about ten thousand times."

"Well, I got a job." She paused. "As a cursebreaker, I mean."

"Victoire, that's fantastic!" Teddy yelped, sitting up.

"It is!" She forced a smile.

He frowned. "So, why don't you seem excited?"

"Well, the thing is...the job is in Egypt."

Teddy's jaw dropped. "Vic, love, how'd you swing that?"

"Gracie."

That was all the explanation Teddy needed. He grinned. "Gotta love that girl." His face suddenly fell. "So, that means we'll be doing long distance...again."

"Yeah. Are you mad?"

Teddy sighed. "You really want this job?"

"More than anything," Victoire said automatically. She took a deep breath. "I finally feel like I'm living up to the family name. This job is a dream come true."

"What do you mean?"

"Nothing. It's just...do you know how difficult it is to be a Weasley? What kind of pressure I felt to live up to the rest of my family? It's no secret I didn't have the best grades. This job will finally prove to everyone that I am a Weasley!"

Teddy cleared his throat. "So, you're taking it."

Victoire hesitated. "Not if you don't want me to."

"Don't be ridiculous, Vic. I'm following my dream. Now it's your turn for you to follow yours. We'll figure something out. We'll make it work."

Victoire hugged him happily. "This is why I love you, Teddy Lupin.



* * *



Victoire hopped up on the counter. "You know, Weasley's Wizard Wheezes is the only shop doing well here."

George sighed grimly. "It's all those bloody death eater attacks. Diagon Alley doesn't feel safe anymore."

"How come your place is doing so well then?"

"Simple: people need laughs. Especially during dark times." He shuddered. "It reminds me of the days of You-Know-Who."

"Hey, how much are these potions?" Teddy asked, walking toward them, carrying an armful of potion bottles.

"For you? Nothing." George handed him a plastic bag for his potions.

Teddy reached inside his pocket and pulled out several coins. He handed them to George.

"I told you it's not necessary." George held up his hands, declining Teddy's payment.

Teddy stubbornly set the coins down beside George. "No way." He turned to Victoire before George could argue. "Ready to go?"

"Sure," she replied, taking his hand and hopping off the counter. "Bye, Uncle George."

"So, where to now?" Teddy asked her as they made their way out.

Victoire hesitated. "I was thinking maybe we could go to Chris's grave. I want to tell him about the job!"

Teddy forced a smile. "Oh. Brilliant."

Victoire snorted. "It's been nearly a week since I told you. I thought you'd be a little bit better by now about pretending to be happy for me."

"I'll work on it." He wrapped his arm around her waist and kissed the top of her head as they left the shop. "But you know you could be a little more upset about leaving me."

Victoire stopped. "Hey, of course I'm sad about that. But unlike you, I choose to look on the bright side."

"Oh, right. Dream job and all."

"Exactly." She smiled up at him. "But it won't be forever right?"

"Are you sure about that? What if you fall in love with Egypt and you never want to leave?"

"Impossible."

"How can you be so sure."

Victoire laughed. "Because, moron, I could never love it more than I love you." She made a face. "And I hate you for making me say these cheesey, mushy things."

Teddy grinned and kissed her. "Well, I love it."





The City


London calls me a stranger

A traveller

This is now my home, my home

I'm burning on the back street

Stuck here sitting in the backseat

I'm blazing on the street

What I do isn't up to you

And if the city never sleeps

Then that makes two

-Ed Sheeran



* * *



Solomon plopped down beside Skylar and snapped a picture of her as she ate her salad. "The lighting right here...it's perfect! Don't move." He continued to snap pictures of her.

Skylar held up her hand, annoyed. "Solomon, I'm on a break. Let me eat in peace."

He set the camera down. "What's got you in a mood?"

"I'm hungry and a crazy photographer man won't stop taking unflattering pictures of me."

Solomon chuckled. "Alright. Alright. I'll let you eat, my friend."

Friend. It felt odd to be calling Skylar Grey that. But it was what she was. His friend. Solomon shook his head. Stranger things have happened, he thought. Solomon looked past Skylar, noticing a beautiful girl walking into the room. She had golden blonde hair and stormy gray eyes that temporarily mesmerized Solomon. He frowned. Solomon knew everybody at that shoot, but he definitely didn't know her. The girl gracefully came forward and sat down beside Skylar cheerfully.

"Do you know how bloody difficult it is to track you down, Grey?" The girl said. Solomon noted that she too had a British accent.

Skylar glanced beside her and her eyes widened. "Sienna!" she shrieked, throwing her arms around the girl.

Solomon watched them squeal and hug each other. It was true. Pretty girls flocked together.

"S, what in the world are you doing here?" Skylar exclaimed happily.

Sienna shrugged. "Finn and Luke have a game here in New York tonight. I just came to support because that's the kind of girlfriend I am apparently."

"So, Finn made you?"

She grinned. "Yep. But on the bright side, I get to pay my beautiful best friend a visit!"

"Well, I'm glad you're here." She paused. "Wow, I didn't even know there was a Quidditch game tonight. I'm so out of the loop."

"Oh, it's not that big of a deal. It's just a friendly game with an American team. Coach thought it'd be a good idea to make relations and expose them to foreign teams in case any of them are asked to join the international team."

Solomon's head was spinning. "I'm sorry, but did you say Quidditch?"

Skylar and Sienna exchanged looks. "Erm...British slang..." Skylar said unconvincingly.

"Hello!" Sienna said, sticking out her hand to Solomon. "I'm Sienna! Skylar's friend."

"Solomon," Solomon introduced himself.

"It's so nice to meet you!" Sienna told him politely.

"So, am I allowed at the game?" Skylar asked.

Sienna hesitated. "I tried to convince Teddy, but he said no. Too many people."

Solomon frowned, wondering who this Teddy character was and why Skylar needed his permission to go to a game.

"We're going out after, though," Sienna insisted. "You in?"

"Absolutely!" Skylar beamed. "It's been ages since I've seen Finn or Luke.



* * *



When Skylar walked inside the bar, Finn and Luke were already drunk. They were standing on top of the bar, singing the Hogwarts school song at the top of their lungs.

"Hello, idiots," she said, putting her hands on her hips and looking up at them with amusement.

Finn and Luke's eyes widened. They hopped off the bar and ran to hug her.

"I saw your billboard, Skye!" Luke exclaimed.

Finn nodded. "Simply stunning."

Skylar snorted. "How much have you two dungbrains had to drink?"

"Too much," Sienna replied, coming up behind them. She had a glass of wine in her hand.

"S!" Finn exclaimed, pulling her into an embrace.

"True love," Luke said fondly as the two of them began snogging. "Makes me miss my own girlfriend."

Skylar's eyes softened. "How is Gracie?"

"She's good! She misses you, though. Everyone does."

"Aw, I miss everyone too."

Finn pulled away from Sienna. "You know what you need, Skye?"

"A drink?" Skylar guessed.

Finn grinned. "Exactly! Look how well you know me!" He took her hand. "Come on, Grey! I'm buying."



* * *



Skylar leaned back and laughed. She smiled, watching Finn and Sienna dance. Finn had always been a wild dancer and he swung Sienna around like a madman. But Sienna loved it. Skylar watched as Sienna giggled as Finn spun her around wildly.

Luke plopped down beside Skylar in her booth. He handed her a cold beer.

"Thanks," Skylar said with a small smile before taking a sip of her drink.

"So, how've you been, Grey?" Luke asked.

"Can't complain." She smiled. "I wish I could see you more often, though."

"Yeah, I don't know how you do it, Skye. Living so far away from everybody..." He shrugged. "I'd miss my family too much."

"Yeah, I do miss my dad a lot." Skylar shrugged. "But I talk to him everyday over the phone."

"What about your sister?" Luke asked before taking a sip of his beer. "I got the wedding invitation a few weeks ago."

Skylar snorted. "Well, you definitely won't see me there."

Luke glanced at her. "You know, I had a brother?"

"Wait...I thought you were an only child?"

Luke shook his head. "I've got a little brother. JJ."

Skylar straightened up in her seat. "What? Since when? I've never seen him."

"That's because he's dead."

"Luke, that's not family."

Luke shook his head. "No, it's not." He sighed. "He died several years ago. Before I even met any of you guys. He was just a little kid..."

Skylar gulped back the lump growing in her throat. "Why are you telling me this?"

"Because I'd give anything to see JJ again. And I'm a little drunk."

"Luke..."

"Look, Skye, I think you should go to Melissa's wedding. If not for you, do it as a favor for me."

Skylar gulped, her eyes brimming with tears. She wanted to say no, but looking at Luke's sad eyes, she couldn't bring herself to refuse him. "Okay..." she finally said.





State of Grace


This is a state of grace

This is the worthwhile fight

Love is a ruthless game

Unless you play it good and right

-Taylor Swift



* * *



Solomon shook his head. "I can't believe you're not taking the runway job."

Skylar glanced at him. They were at Solomon's favorite Chinese restaurant, browsing the menu. "I told you. I'm busy that weekend."

"What could possibly be bigger than booking this job?"

"My sister's wedding."

Solomon frowned. "I thought you said you didn't speak to her."

"I don't."

"Then why are you going to the wedding?"

Skylar sighed. "What's with the third degree?"

"I'm just wondering."

She shrugged. "I don't know. I got guilted into going."

"By who?"

Skylar glared at him. "You know, you're being more annoying than usual today."

"I'm just trying to understand why you would turn down an opportunity like this. I'm sure your sister would understand."

"You think my sister would understand me missing her wedding?" She raised her eyebrows. "Have you ever even met a girl before?"

Solomon rolled his eyes. "This is your career, Skye. You have to learn to be selfish sometimes."

"And you wonder why you're single?"

"Hey, I'm single by choice!"

Skylar shook her head. "No. I'm single by choice. You're just pathetic."

"I can get a girlfriend if I wanted!" Solomon protested.

"I agree," Skylar said, taking a sip of her water. "But you can't keep one."

"And why the hell not?"

"You're self-entitled, pretentious, arrogant—"

"Seriously, you can't think of any good qualities?"

She thought about it. "You make good pancakes."

"You're no walk in the park either, missy," Solomon grumbled.

"I don't know what you're talking about. I'm fantastic company."

Solomon smiled. "Right, and I'm the arrogant one," he sarcastically.

Skylar grinned at him. "I never said I wasn't."

"Well, then I guess that's what makes us such good friends."

"I guess so."



* * *



Victoire stretched out her feet as she laid across Teddy's bed. "Isn't it crazy?" she said loudly so that Teddy, who was in the bathroom, could hear her.

"What is?" he asked, stepping into his bedroom. His hair was still wet from the shower he just took and there was a white towel wrapped around his waist.

Victoire eyed his abs for a moment before remembering he'd asked her a question. "I'm basically done with Hogwarts! I mean, less than twenty-four hours ago, I took my last N.E.W.T exam." She shook her head, amazed. "In less than a month, I will be graduating Hogwarts."

Teddy walked forward, standing beside the bed. "Yeah, crazy…"

"And what's even crazier! In less than a month, I'll be living in another country!" She sat up. "I feel so grown up."

Teddy chuckled. "I remember that feeling. Trust me, the excitement of being a grown up will quickly disappear when you realize you have to pay your own bills."

Victoire sat on her knees, so that she could be eye level with Teddy. "Egypt, Teddy! I'll be living in Egypt!"

He grinned. "I know. Very exciting."

She threw her arms around his neck. "You asked Harry for that week off, right? I don't want to spend my first week in Egypt all alone."

He rested his hands on her waist. "Don't worry. I am all yours for an entire week. Harry reckoned I needed a vacation anyway."

Victoire grinned. "Brilliant!" she said before giving him a long kiss.

Teddy pulled away. "You know, I've actually been doing a lot of research on Egypt," he told her matter-of-factly.

"Uh huh," Victoire murmured as her lips trailed down his neck and her hands slid down to his chest.

"There's just so many places we're going to have to cram into just one week," he said as Victoire pressed her lips against his neck. "We have to see the pyramid, of course…ooh, and the mummies!"

"Mmhmm…" Victoire said distractedly before kissing him intensely.

Teddy pulled away. "Although we'll probably spend the first couple of days moving you in…"

"Teddy!" Victoire said, exasperated. "I'm doing some of my best work here."

He laughed, resting his arms on her waist. "I just want this trip to be perfect."

"And it will be!"

"Egypt will be the last time we see each other for a very long time," he said seriously. "It has to be special."

Victoire cupped his face in her hands and kissed him sweetly. "It will be."

Teddy sighed. "Are you sure you don't want to just take a job at the Gringotts in Diagon Alley?"

"And give up Egypt? I'm positive. Are you sure you don't want to be an auror in Egypt?"

"Love, you know I would do that if it weren't for the circumstances. I can't up and leave England during these dark times. I have to stay."

"Okay, okay," Victoire said quietly, her fingers wrapping around the the towel around Teddy's waist. "But we have at least another hour before we have to start getting ready for the wedding."

Teddy grinned as Victoire yanked away his towel and slammed her lips against his.



* * *



Melissa stared at her reflection in the mirror. Her blonde hair had been pulled into an elegant knot and a tiara was being carefully placed at the top.

"Wow, I did not take you for a tiara type of girl."

Melissa turned her head and saw Skylar standing in the doorway, her head cocked to the side.

"Mum wore it on her wedding day," she replied croakily.

Skylar nodded. "Hmm. Yeah, I think I recognize it from the pictures."

Melissa took a deep breath. "You came," she said.

"I'm not here for you," Skylar told her. "I'm here for dad. And Vincent seems like a good guy."

"He is," Melissa said quickly.

There was a pause.

"Well, I should probably go find a seat." Skylar flipped her hair back.

"Yeah, of course! I'll see you out there!" Melissa said eagerly.

Skylar nodded and turned away. She paused. "Hey, Mel?" she said quietly.

"Yeah?"

"The tiara looks lovely on you."

She smiled. "Thanks, Skye."



* * *



Skylar sighed and chuckled lightly. "Of course." Skylar had spotted Victoire the moment she stepped outside, and wasn't at all surprised to see her at all. Victoire was standing in front of the lake with Teddy, their picture being taken by Luke. Finn and Sienna were standing near them, holding hands. Finn was telling Sienna an animated story, while she laughed lightly.

"Didn't think we'd let you come alone, did you?"

Skylar recognized Grace's voice instantly, and she whipped around. Grace was standing behind her. She was slightly taller than Skylar remembered, but Skylar figured that was due to the heels that Victoire and Sienna had probably forced her into. Grace was also slightly tanner than Skylar remembered, but with summer quickly approaching that was a given. Grace's dark hair had been pulled up into an elegant knot and she tugged uncomfortably at her pink dress. "This is Sienna's dress," she admitted, noticing Skylar's slight smirk. "She shrunk it a bit to fit me. S is slightly taller."

"Slightly?" Skylar laughed before pulling her friend into a tight hug. "Godric, Gracie, you have no idea how good it is to see you."

Grace smiled sadly. "Good enough to make you want to move back?"

Skylar shook her head. "It was too much for me, Gracie. Hogwarts, magic, Alexander…I was in over my head. This life with magic and spells and charms was fun at first. But magic turned on me."

"Skye, how could you say that?"

"How could I not! After everything that happened my last year at Hogwarts? Or the fact that my people are being hunted down and killed? Gracie, there's a reason I'm in hiding."

Grace squeezed her hand. "Hey, it's not the entire magical community that thinks like that. Just because you're muggleborn…it doesn't make you any less of us…"

Skylar gulped. "Thanks for coming, Gracie. All of you guys. I can't believe it."

"I find it harder to believe that you actually came."

"Well, your boyfriend guilted me into it."

Grace rolled her eyes. "Yeah, he's big on family."

"Not a bad quality to have."

"I guess not."

"Skylar!" Jonathan, Skylar's father, hurried forward, interrupting their conversation. "Come on! The ceremony will be starting soon! Melissa's nearly finished."

"Erm…okay…" Skylar looked around nervously. "I'll go find a seat, I guess."

"In the front row," he told her. "Next to your aunt Josephine. That's where you and I will be sitting." Jonathon glanced at Grace and beamed. "Gracie, so happy you could make it!"

"Yes, of course!" Grace said before Jonathon ran off to handle more wedding details.

"I should go take my seat," Skylar said, twirling her hair nervously.

"I should go get the others so we can go find seats together. It looks like there's enough room in the back for all of us, but we should still hurry if we don't want to get separated."

"Good point." Skylar glanced at her aunt Josephine. "Yeah, I see my aunt…"

Grace smiled at her. "It'll be fine, Skye. All you have to do is sit there and smile for the pictures."



* * *



"Beautiful ceremony," Sienna said tearfully, dabbing her eyes with Finn's handkerchief.

Finn stared at her. "You're crying? Seriously…"

"Shut up, Finn!" She blew her nose.

Finn snickered before wrapping his arm around her.

Victoire was looking around anxiously. "I don't see her…"

Teddy frowned. "Melissa? Love, she's right there." He pointed to the entrance of the ballroom where Melissa and Vincent were posing for pictures with their guests.

"Not Meliisa, idiot," Victoire replied. "Skylar."

Teddy looked at her. "You know, there's a nice way of saying things."

"She's with her dad," Grace said, nodding toward the corner near the bathrooms. Sure enough, Skylar and her dad were standing outside the restrooms. Jonathan was surveying the room while speaking to one of the caterers. Skylar was wringing her hands anxiously, searching the room for something.

"Skylar, over here!" Finn shouted, waving his arms wildly.

Skylar, spotting her friends, smiled with relief. She leaned sideways and whispered something to her dad before striding toward the table where all her friends sat. "Merlin, you guys are really hidden back here, aren't you?"

"Well, we did RSVP kind of late," Luke said.

Skylar took the seat beside Teddy. "Well, I'm glad you guys came."

"The ceremony was beautiful, Skye," Sienna said through the tears streaming freely down her face.

Skylar stared at her. "What—"

"She's been weirdly emotional today," Finn said, offering an explanation. "We're not entirely sure why."

Sienna hiccupped. "I'll be fine."

"How've you been?" Victoire asked Skylar.

Skylar smiled at all of her friends gathered around her. "I missed you guys. So much. You have no idea. I don't think I even knew until I saw you guys today."

"Well, we've missed you," Grace said. "Completing our final year without you just feels wrong."

Victoire nodded fervently. "We graduate in nearly a month and not having you standing right beside us during graduation just isn't right."

"In less than a month?" Skylar yelped. "Godric, you're basically done then."

"We've already taken all our N.E.W.T. examinations," Grace told her.

Skylar's eyes widened. "No way. Wow, I can't believe I missed all of that."

"You're coming for our graduation, right?" Victoire asked.

Skylar hesitated. "I'll try. I've got a runway shows booked for the rest of the summer in New York."

Grace looked disappointed. "Yeah, we figured you'd probably be working."

"You'll understand when you have a job," Finn told them.

"Your job involves flying around in a broomstick," Grace said.

"Hey, it's harder than it looks!" Luke exclaimed, offended.

Finn stuck his tongue out. "At least our job is fun. Yours puts me to sleep just hearing about it."

"You have a job?" Skylar yelped, looking at Grace.

Grace beamed. "Remember the internship I did last summer? Well, I was offered a full time job with them."

"Doing what?"

"Research. I'll be working with Floyd Higgins, a famous alchemist. I'll be assisting him on his research with—"

"Boring nonsense," Finn finished for her.

Sienna wiped away her tears. "We're very proud of, Gracie," she said sharply, throwing Finn a look.

"What about you, Victoire?" Skylar asked.

Teddy's easy smile became more forced. "She's got a job with Gringotts in Egypt."

"Just like your dad!" Skylar beamed. "That's fantastic!"

"Teddy's helping me move into my apartment there first week after graduation! And Sienna is coming to visit the week after so that'll be fun!"

Sienna nodded. "I need to find something to do now that they keep cancelling my concerts."

"Why are they cancelling your concerts?" Skylar frowned. "I hear your songs playing on the wizarding radio all the time!"

"Threats from Death Eaters." Sienna shook her head in disgust. "And the auror department refuses to help us with security but then also won't approve our own security." She throw Teddy a scathing look.

"Sienna, I'm sorry!"

"Wait, what is she talking about?" Skylar felt so lost. It seemed as if everybody's lives was moving on so quickly without her.

"Well, with all the attacks, the department issued some new measures for big events such as concerts and festivals," Teddy explained.

"All security measures and details must be run by the department and approved," Sienna said. "The problem is that we've been waiting for the department to approve our request for months now."

"Do you know how many requests we've been sent!" Teddy exclaimed. "It's a miracle we've approved as many as we have."

Sienna laughed humorlessly. "You've denied nearly every request you've been sent."

"S, you are number 741. We'll get to it soon. I promise." Teddy tried to appease her.

Finn rolled his eyes. He leaned toward Skylar. "This is all they talk about," he muttered, sounding amused.

Skylar gave him a weak smile. She was struggling to keep up with her friends. It was like they were strangers now. So much had changed over the course of a few months. They'd moved on with their lives. Skylar hadn't expected everything to stay the same, of course, but she also never expected to feel like an outsider when sitting with her friends.



* * *



"Hey, how's the wedding going?" Solomon asked.

Skylar shifted the phone to her other ear. She glanced over at all her friends gathered around the table. "Not bad at all," she replied, watching Finn throw a roll at Luke's face. "I've been catching up with some friends."

There was a pause. "So, when will you be back?"

"I'm catching the first flight back tomorrow." Skylar grinned. "Miss me already?"

"Yeah, there's been nobody to annoy me in nearly twenty-four hours." Solomon chuckled.

Skylar rolled her eyes. "I'll see you tomorrow, then."

"Skylar!" Victoire called. "Come dance!"

Hanging up the phone, Skylar hurried toward her friends. Sienna took her hand and pulled her into the dance circle.

"Who were you talking to?" Grace asked curiously.

"On the phone? Just my friend, Solomon." Skylar replied as Sienna twirled her around.

Victoire raised her eyebrows. "Friend, huh?"

"Don't go getting any crazy ideas. He's just a friend."

Victoire looked like she didn't believe her. "Yeah, okay," she said dubiously.

Skylar changed the subject. "Where are the boys?"

"Probably wreaking havoc somewhere." Sienna shrugged.

Grace nudged Skylar. "Hey, Melissa and Vincent are coming."

Skylar turned around and came face-to-face with Vincent and Melissa.

"Yes?" Skylar said wearily, preparing herself for a fight.

"We just wanted to thank you for coming," Melissa said happily. She was absolutely glowing.

"And I came to ask my new sister-in-law for a dance!" Vincent grinned, sticking out his hand for Skylar to take.

Skylar hesitated before reluctantly taking his hand. Vincent pulled her away just as a new song began. Skylar couldn't help but laugh as Vincent spun her around wildly.





Arms


You put your arms around me

And I believe that it's easier for you to let me go

You put your arms around me and I'm home

-Christina Perri



* * *



"Now, Teddy, put your arm around Victoire!" Finn instructed.

Teddy easily looped his arm around Victoire's waist.

"Excellent!" Finn exclaimed, clicking his camera fiercely and snapping pictures wildly. "Bill! Fleur! Get a little closer to them, won't you?"

Bill and Fleur did as they were told, still grinning up at the camera.

It was graduation day at Hogwarts. Victoire and Grace had lined up on the conjured stage in front of the lake and gotten their diplomas one-by-one with the rest of their classmates. Grace had been an emotional wreck throughout the entire ceremony. She had tried to stop crying, knowing she would come to regret all the tears in years to come once she looked back on all her photographs with her puffy eyes and blotchy face. Victoire, on the other hand, couldn't stop smiling. She'd finally done it. She'd completed Hogwarts and gotten her dream job. As Finn clicked away, taking an endless amount of pictures, Victoire's smile faltered for an instant. She only wished Chris and Skylar were there to celebrate with her.

"Louis! Dominique! Get closer together. Act like you like each other!" Finn ordered as he continued to snap pictures away.

Teddy chuckled. "Finn, I reckon that's enough."

Bill held out his hand. "Let me get a few of you and Vic, Finn."

Finn nodded. "Yeah, alright. Then after we should get the two graduates. Somebody, go find Gracie!" Finn motioned forward Sienna. "S, come on, babe. Get in the picture."

Victoire smiled as the camera flashed and Bill took several pictures.

"So, you're a photographer now?" Victoire said to Finn through her smile.

Sienna snorted.

Finn gave the camera his most charming smile. "Well, sorry for trying to capture the perfect memories," he retorted.

"Grace and Victoire next!" Bill shouted, motioning for Grace to go stand next to Victoire.

Grace took Finn and Sienna's place beside Victoire. She quickly wiped away her tears but there was no way to hide her red, blotchy face. Victoire glanced at her and burst into a fit of laughter. She pulled Grace into a tight hug. "Will you stop crying, weirdo?"

Finn continued to snap pictures importantly.

"Okay, I think that's enough. We should really get going. Everybody's waiting." Luke checked his watch.

"Waiting for what?" Grace sniffled.

"Well, the graduation party, of course," Teddy told them with a wink.

Victoire and Grace exchanged looks. "There's a party?" Victoire finally asked.

"Duh," Finn snorted. "Come on!"



* * *



They weren't kidding about the party. It was held in Grace's backyard and it seemed as if everybody Grace and Victoire had ever met had been invited. Victoire stood in awe, looking around at all the decorations and caterers offering appetizers to their guests. Floating champagne glasses were following the guests around as they mingled with other people and there was a dance floor in the middle of the backyard where little kids were running around on.

"Luke, this is amazing," Victoire exclaimed before pulling him into a hug. Her eyes widened as she spotted a blonde girl laughing at something Teddy was saying. "Oh, my Godric! Is that Elisabeth?"

Luke glanced back and grinned. "Yeah, Teddy invited her."

"Merlin! I have to go say hi!" Victoire ran off, leaving Grace alone with Luke.

Luke looked at his girlfriend. "Babe, are you still crying?" He chuckled, giving her an amused look.

"I can't believe you guys did all of this for us," Grace hiccuped, gesturing to the party around them. "It's amazing."

"Grace, honey, will you stop crying!" Aimee, Grace's mother, said, shaking her head in exasperation. "Your make up is running and we've got a professional photographer taking pictures!"

"Don't tell Finn," Luke muttered. "He'll feel threatened."

"Does it really look that bad?" Grace asked, her eyes glittering with tears.

Aimee gave her a weary look. "Your mascara is just running a bit. Why don't you pop up to your room and fix yourself up quickly."

"You see!" Grace squeaked. "This is why I don't wear make up." Tears started streaming down her face again.

"Uh oh," Luke murmured.

"Just go upstairs and fix your make up, dear," Aimee told her.

Grace sniffed. "Okay."

Aimee sighed, watching her daughter disappear into the crowd. She glanced at Luke. "Lucas, dear, follow her, won't you?"

"On it," Luke said dutifully before hurrying after Grace.

Grace made her way up to her room, still crying. She sat on her bed and sighed, looking around sadly at all the pictures glued to her wall. There were a few baby pictures, but most of the pictures were of her, Victoire, and Skylar at school. A few contained Teddy, Finn, and Sienna as well. There were even some of Collin that Grace had never gotten around to taking down. Luke always clucked disapprovingly whenever he noticed the remaining pictures of Collin and he'd even passive aggressively covered a few of them up with pictures of him and Gracie.

"Grace," Luke said, closing the bedroom door behind him. "What's wrong with you?"

"What do you mean?" she said, her voice high.

"You've been crying all day! It's starting to get weird."

Grace smiled sadly. "It's the end of an era," she said quietly.

"Which should be exciting!"

"It is but it's also terrifying. Hogwarts was my home for seven years. And I was brilliant at Hogwarts. I was a prefect, head girl, top of the year. I kicked arse there. What if I'm not as good in the real world? What if I fail in the real world?"

Luke stared at her a moment before bursting into laughter. "Grace, if Findley West can survive in the real world, I think you'll be just fine. I'm pretty sure the poor bloke couldn't even make himself cereal in the morning."

"You really think I'll do okay?"

"I'm sure of it," he told her sincerely, taking a seat beside her. He leaned in to give her a tender kiss.

Grace gave him a watery smile. "At least there's one bright side to graduating Hogwarts."

"There's only one?"

"I get to see you again," Grace said.

"Definitely the best part," Luke murmured. He kissed her again. Grace grabbed the collar of Luke's shirt and pulled him closer, deepening the kiss.



* * *



Sienna smiled, watching Finn dance with the little kids on the dance floor. She was sitting alone at a table, sipping on her champagne happily.

Andrea West, Findley's mother, approached Sienna's table nervously. "Got some competition?" she said, taking a seat beside Sienna.

Sienna chuckled lightly, watching as Finn spun the little girls around. "Always."

"You're looking as lovely as ever, Sienna," Andrea told her. Andrea was wearing expensive blue robes and her hair was neatly pinned up in an elegant bun. Her heels were high and her make up modest. She wore large gold rings on her fingers and a pearl necklace that looked like it cost more than Sienna's apartment. Andrea was a well-off woman and she certainly looked the part.

Sienna smiled politely at her. "Thank you. As are you." Sienna never quite knew where she stood with Finn's parents. They adored her, of course, and rooted for her and Finn. But they also had a very strained relationship with their son and Sienna was never quite sure whether she should be angry with them or not.

Andrea cleared her throat lightly. "So, Findley and you are doing well?" She smiled sadly. "He doesn't really come around very often."

"Well, I don't really mean any disrespect, but what didi you expect?" Sienna said defensively.

"I know. I know." Andrea took a sip of her champagne. "I wish the circumstances were different, of course."

Sienna gave her a weary look. "Finn does care about you. It's just difficult for him to show it...given his past with you guys..."

"He has no difficulty showing how much he cares about you," Andrea said. "He loves you very much. That's obvious."

"I love him too." Sienna smiled.

"I know."

"Honey, come here! You must try these appetizers!" Charles West, Findley's father, called over his wife.

Andrea smiled at Sienna and said goodbye to her before leaving to join her husband. Sienna watched her go sadly. Andrea wasn't a bad woman, and Sienna believed that she did truly love her son. Andrea just wasn't a very strong person. Her reputation and appearance mattered more to her than how her son felt.

Finn took his mother's place beside Sienna almost immediately. "Did I just so you talking to my mum?" he asked anxiously. "Did she say something rude? Do I need to go speak to her and my father?"

Sienna shook her head. "Not at all. She seemed sad actually."

"Sad?"

"Finn, I think she misses you. Maybe you should talk to her."

Finn snorted. "Sienna, I don't think my parents wanted me around even when I lived there. I was too much trouble for them. I doubt they're suddenly missing me now."

"I don't think that's true."

"Sienna, the only reason my parents suddenly give a damn now is because I play for the Chudley Cannons and I'm finally bringing glory to the West family name."

"Finn, they're proud of you! That's a good thing."

"And I don't give a damn if they're proud."

Sienna stared at him and she knew he really meant it. Finn had stopped trying to please his parents long ago. That was the biggest difference between the two of them. Even to this day, Sienna still sought her parent's approval. She wished she could think the same way as Finn.

Sienna took his hand and squeezed it. "Well, if it matters to you, I am very proud of you as well."

"Baby, that's all that matters to me," Finn told her. He smiled at her and gently kissed her hand.

Sienna grinned at him. "So," she said, glancing at the dance floor, "is it my turn yet for a dance?"

Finn laughed. "Hell yes." He stood up and pulled her toward the dancing crowd.



* * *



Victoire turned around and watched Finn and Sienna dancing. Finn was twirling Sienna around wildly as she laughed happily.

"A week more and we'll be in Egypt!" Teddy exclaimed, handing her a glass of champagne.

Victoire nodded toward Finn and Sienna before taking the glass Teddy was handing her. "We won't be like them."

"What do you mean?" Teddy frowned.

Victoire took a sip of her champagne. "We won't get to see each other every day like them," she said, clearing her throat.

"No, we won't."

"I don't like that."

Teddy chuckled and pulled her close. "Hey, I told you. We'll figure it out. We did it while you were at Hogwarts."

"I hope so," Victoire muttered miserably. A few hours ago, she didn't think anything could possibly bring her down. Now the prospect of moving to another country without Teddy was finally starting to feel real and it was making her anxious.

Teddy cupped her face in his hands. "Weasley, you are the love of my life. I know it. I'm not letting you go that easily."

"You promise?"

"Of course," he whispered before kissing her intensely, completely forgetting about the fact that Victoire's entire family and all her friends were there. He really meant what he said. He loved Victoire and he didn't think anything could tear them apart, not after everything they'd been through.





Four Years Later


Grace frowned and checked the address scribbled down on the piece of paper she'd written. "Apartment 704," she muttered. Grace tucked the piece of paper away in her pocket and continued down the dimly lit hallway until she reached a green door with shiny gold numbers on it that read 704. Taking a deep breath, Grace lifted her hand and knocked on the door.

A moment later, the door open. A tall, willowy woman with silvery blonde hair stood before her. She had deep blue eyes and the most enchanting smile Grace had ever seen.

Victoire stood stunned for a moment before shrieking with delight. "Gracie, what are you doing here?" She pulled Grace into a tight hug. "Last I heard you were doing research work in Cuzco."

Grace smiled. "Yeah, I was just there. I'm just visiting Egypt for a few days, and I thought I'd stop by and see you. I actually have some news to tell you." She held up her hand, showing off a large diamond ring on her finger.

"Oh, my Godric!" Victoire's jaw dropped. "You're engaged?"

Grace nodded happily.

"Well, come in! Come in! Would you like anything to drink?" She ushered Grace inside, still appearing stunned. "Hey, babe!" Victoire shouted over her shoulder. "Grace is here. Come say hi!"

Grace stepped inside and closed the door behind her. She was led by Victoire into the living room as Victoire gushed about how pretty her engagement ring was and how excited she was for her.

"I didn't realize you two were living together already," Grace said as she took a seat across from Victoire.

Victoire laughed. "Oh, we're not. Although, we might as well be. I can't think of the last time he hasn't spent the night." She motioned to Grace's ring. "Well, tell me everything!"

Just as Victoire said this, a dark haired man stepped out of the bedroom and into the living room. He was extremely good looking with wavy black hair, dark tan skin, and sparkling hazel eyes. He was extremely muscular and had a charming smile.

"Baby, you remember my old friend, Gracie," Victoire said. She turned to Grace. "Gracie, you remember Omar, of course."

Omar came over and shook Grace's hand. "Yes, of course! But Victoire said you were currently in Peru?"

"She was. She came here to tell me she's engaged!" Victoire beamed.

Omar gasped. "Wow! Congratulations!" He took a seat beside Victoire and easily slipped his arm around her.

Grace stared at them a moment. It was hard to imagine a better looking couple.

Victoire's eyes suddenly widened. "So, who else knows?"

"Just my mum and Henry. I'm visiting Skylar later to tell her the news."

Omar checked his watch. "Sweetheart, I should go pick up our food."

Victoire nodded. "Okay. See if you can place another quick order so that we have enough for Gracie."

"Of course," he said, leaning down to kiss her. "I'll be back soon."

Grace's eyes widened and she reached in her purse for her wallet. "I didn't mean to interrupt your dinner plans. Here, at least let me pay."

Omar shook his head. "No way. It's on me. I'll be right back." He grabbed his wallet from the dining room table on his way out and shouted another quick goodbye before closing the door behind him.

"So, tell me everything!" Victoire beamed, leaning forward. "Let me see your ring again!" Grace stuck out her hand and Victoire gasped once more. "Wow, so you and William are really getting married?"

Grace grinned. "Yeah, we are." Her voice suddenly became serious. "Vic, is there anyway for you to come home for the summer? The wedding's going to be in September."

Victoire's eyes widened. "That's so soon!" She bit her lower lip. "Ok, well, if it's April now...I'm sure I can talk to my boss and get him to transfer me to London from May until September…"

"Really? Fantastic!" Grace looked thrilled. "Let's hope I can convince Skye to do the same." She looked around the room at all the pictures hanging on the walls. There were a few of Victoire with her siblings and family. A few were of Grace and Skylar from their Hogwarts days. It made Grace sad to think that it'd been years since all of them had reunited. Sure, every so often two or three of them would get together for dinner or tea, but the last time everybody had been together had been four years ago at Melissa's wedding. Grace was almost jealous to see the pictures of Victoire surrounded by the new friends she'd made. It made her even sadder to see that the only picture of Teddy was of one from when they were kids and it was at Victoire's sixth birthday party. Grace noticed that most of the pictures were of Victoire and Omar. There were pictures of them at the beach, in front of the pyramids, at nice dinners, and with their friends.

"You know, I always thought you and Teddy would the first ones to get married," Grace admitted to her.

Victoire gave her a sad smile. "Yeah? I used to think the same thing about you and Luke."



* * *



Skylar finished her drink in a single gulp and slammed it down on the bar. She was sitting alone at the bar. "Another one, please," she told the bar tender, flipping her long blonde hair back.

The bar tender gave her a weary look. "I don't know…"

"Relax, I'm English. I can handle my alcohol."

The bartender hesitated before finally pouring her another drink just as her phone rang again for the fourth time. Skylar looked down at the name on the screen and frowned, not recognizing it.

"You should eat something," the bartender told her, pushing forward a small bowl of peanuts. "Here, on the house."

Skylar grumpily took a handful of peanuts just as her phone rang again. This time, though, she did recognize the number.

"What do you want, Solomon?" she hissed. "Have you been the one calling me all night?"

"What? No!" There was a pause. "Skye, have you been drinking? What the hell's the matter with you? You've gone out every single night this week. Ms. Patterson from down the hall says you've come back with different blokes nearly every night…"

"What does it matter to you?" Skylar interrupted him. "We're broken up."

"That doesn't mean I don't care about you…" He sighed. "Listen, the reason I called is because you said you'd leave the door unlocked for me. I really need to get the rest of my stuff."

"Well, I'm a tad bit busy right now," Skylar told him. "Get it another day."

"Skylar! Just come home. You shouldn't be out this late anyway."

Skylar frowned. "I don't understand why you would want to pick up your things at midnight anyway."

"Because my flight just landed and I'm tired and I really need to be getting back to my hotel now."

Skylar closed her eyes and swallowed. "Leave the address you want and I'll send you things to you later."

Solomon cleared his throat. "Come on, Skye. I want to see you. I don't like the way things ended."

"Do you still feel the same way?" Skylar asked him shortly.

"Yes."

"Well, then, there's not really much to talk about." Skylar shoved some more peanuts in her mouth.

"Skye—"

"I'll be sure to ship off the boxes first thing tomorrow morning." Skylar hung up abruptly and gulped down more of her drink.

"Hey, there." A good looking bloke sat down beside Skylar. "Can I buy you a drink?"

Skylar considered it. "Sure," she said, finishing her drink. Her phone rang again and Skylar groaned, checking the number. She decided to finally answer it. "Hello?"

"Skylar? Finally, you picked up! It's me, Gracie!"

Skylar's eyes lit up. "Gracie, how are you? How's Peru? You're still in Cuzco, right?"

"I'm actually leaving Egypt and I'm on my way back to England."

"Were you visiting Victoire? How is she?" Skylar's heart beat painfully. She missed her best friends more than anybody knew.

"She's good. I actually came to see her because I have some news."

"Yeah?"

Grace paused dramatically. "William proposed."

Skylar nearly dropped the glass she'd been holding. "You're engaged?" she gasped.

"Isn't it great? Listen, I know it's late, so I'll call you back later with the details. Just see if you can possibly spend the summer back home. The weddings in September and I need my bridesmaids with me."

"Erm…yeah…wow! Congratulations, Gracie," she said, stunned.

"Thank you!" Grace said breathlessly. "I can't wait to see you!"

Skylar gulped and hung up the phone. "My friend just got engaged," she told the bloke who just bought her a drink.

"Wow! That's cool."

Skylar nodded. "Do you want to dance?" she asked him, hopping off her seat.

"Yes, definitely!" He eagerly followed her to where everybody else was dancing.

Skylar knew she would regret sleeping with him later that night. She knew she should've declined his offer to buy her a drink and just get a cab back home. She knew she shouldn't have come out at all. Her week had been pretty shitty. She'd broken up with her boyfriend of four years. Her best friends were hundreds of miles away and she hardly spoke to them nowadays. She needed a break from her career and from the muggle world. It was time for her to go home.





Photograph


Loving can hurt sometimes

But it's the only thing that I know

When it gets hard

You know it can get hard sometimes

It is the only thing that makes us feel alive

We keep this love in a photograph

We made these memories for ourselves

Where our eyes are never closing

Hearts are never broken

Times forever frozen still

So you can keep me

Inside the pocket

Of your ripped jeans

Holdin' me closer

'Til our eyes meet

You won't ever be alone

Wait for me to come home

-Ed Sheeran



* * *



"And now we're back with Sienna Ellis!" Stoney Henderson's handsome voice said cheerfully.

Sienna forced the smile her mother had taught her so well.

"Now, before we went to commercial break, Sienna, we were talking about this world tour of yours coming to an end!"

Sienna sighed. "Yes, it's been a long two years, but I'm glad to finally be getting a break."

"Amazing, isn't it?" Stoney said. "These are dangerous times we're in. How have your shows managed to go unattacked? The amount of magical folk that attend your concerts are enormous! Surely, they're a target."

Sienna's smile faded. "Now, Stoney, don't go giving those Death Eaters any ideas."

"I wouldn't dream of it! But one does wonder…"

Sienna paused for an instant, unsure of how to answer this question. It was true the magical community was in disarray, but Sienna came from an old pureblood family. No Death Eater would dare touch her. Not with her family name and money. "My security team is amazing," she finally replied. "And the ministry has been excellent about allowing Aurors to advise and guide my team."

"Speaking of Aurors, I hear you're good friends with a particular famous Auror. Harry Potter! The Boy Who Lived! The Chosen One!"

Sienna chuckled. "Oh, Harry's godson, Teddy, is one of my closest and oldest friends. I know Harry and his family very well."

Stoney looked impressed. "Have any members of the Potter clan come to see your concerts? Perhaps, the Weasley family?"

Sienna smiled. "Yes, of course! Harry's kids come see the show with their cousins any time I'm in Britain."

"And you're ending your final leg of the tour in Britain? In just a few weeks?"

"Last concerts May 1st right in London! It should be fantastic. I've even got surprise guest appearances for the final show."

"And after two years of touring the world, how on earth will you manage to keep yourself busy?" Stoney chuckled. "As much as I love our London, I'm sure you'll grow bored eventually."

Sienna shook her head earnestly. "Oh, no! I'm in much need of a break. I'm excited to get back in the studio again and work on some new songs. And I'm happy to finally be able to spend time with my friends and family."

Stoney leaned in closer to her. "Friends and family, huh? What about a certain boyfriend of yours? Davis Locke?"

Sienna caught her mother's eye. She was standing backstage, her hands on her hips. Lucille Ellis raised her eyebrows and motioned for Sienna to reply.

Sienna flipped her hair back and forced a small giggle. "Yes, I'm very excited to be spending more time with Davis as well."

"So, you admit you're dating!" Stoney pulled out the latest Witch Weekly magazine. On the cover was a photograph of Sienna and Davis walking along an Australian beach holding hands. "Some are calling you two England's newest power couple."

"Davis is great!" Sienna gushed. "Such a gentleman and it's so nice to be dating somebody in the same industry. I couldn't be happier!"

"Well, he certainly is talented! His last album sold out in just one hour!"

"Yes, it did!" Sienna leaned in closer to the microphone. "The album really is fantastic. If anybody hasn't bought it yet, you should really go check it out!"

Stoney let out a hearty laugh. "Look at that! She's beautiful and promotes his album! Any man's dream girl!" He chuckled once more. "So, how long have you two been dating?"

"Just a few months now," Sienna replied automatically.

"Getting serious, is it?" He rubbed his hands together. "Going to meet the family now that the tour's over?"

Sienna hesitated. "Well, he's already met my family." She motioned to her mother backstage. "Can't get rid of my mum no matter what I do!"

Stoney glanced back. "And does your mother approve?"

Lucille sent him two thumbs up and Stoney beamed. "Fantastic!" He spoke into the microphone. "For those of you back home, Sienna's mum just gave me the thumbs up!"

Sienna nodded. "My parents love him."

"And has he had the pleasure of meeting your friends?" Stoney asked.

"Well, erm, some of them."

"I'm sure he'll be meeting a lot of them now that you're headed back home! Even Teddy Lupin! The Potters and the Weasleys!"

"Yes…I'd love to introduce them…"

Stoney, noticing her hesitation, pounced. "Is there any reason they haven't met your new boyfriend yet? Is there some bitterness?"

"Bitterness? Heavens, no!"

"Lupin's best mates are Findley West and Lucas Bishop, are they not? The famous Chudley Cannons beaters are well-known to spend most of their time with the auror. Didn't you date West in the past? Is Lupin, perhaps, not keen on meeting Davis in case it hurt West?"

Sienna burst into laughter. "Oh, Godric, not at all! Findley and I did date in the past, but that was years ago! He's still a good mate, of course. I've known him since I was eleven years old! Finn and Teddy have been extremely supportive of my relationship with Davis. Like I said, Davis is a good guy and my friends know that. They just want what's best for me."

Stoney looked slightly disappointed. "So, there's no bad blood between the famous Quidditch player and singer?"

"Not at all! In fact, Davis is a big Chudley Cannons fan. He's very excited to meet Finn and Luke."

Stoney, sensing no story there, didn't press the subject. Instead, he changed tactics. "So, you said you were working on some new songs. Can you give us any hint as to what they're going to sound like? I hear you were inspired by the Latin music in Mexico…"



* * *



Skylar paced back and forth in her room. She kept glancing at her closet door and fidgeting nervously. Just then, when she'd made up her mind and decided it was finally time to go over and open the closet door, the doorbell rang. Jumping, Skylar hurried out of her bedroom and toward the front door.

"Who is it?" she called.

There was a pause. "It's me. Solomon."

Skylar froze, her door on the handle. Taking a deep breath, she wrenched the door open.

Solomon was standing in the hallway, his hands in his pockets. He smiled hesitantly at her.

"You're here for your stuff?" Skylar said stiffly.

Solomon nodded.

She stepped aside and let him in. "I put all your stuff in boxes. It's in the living room." She crossed her arms. "I told you I'd ship it out."

Solomon sighed and looked at her. "Skye, I wanted to talk to you too. I-I don't like the way we ended things…"

"Doesn't matter if you like it or not, that's the way it is."

"We were together four years! I never knew—"

"I labeled the boxes," Skylar said loudly, interrupting him. "Clothes. Books. Camera equipment. It should all be there. Let me know if there's anything missing."

Solomon ignored her. "If you could just somehow get rid of it or—"

"I can't do that!" Skylar snapped. She took a deep breath, regaining her composure. "We've already discussed this. You can grab you can grab your things and leave."

"Skye, if we just talk about your other options…"

"There are no other options, Solomon!" She glared at him. "I'll be waiting in my bedroom until you leave. Please lock the door behind you before you go." Skylar stormed into her room and slammed the door shut behind her. She sat on her bed and listened as Solomon shifted boxes outside. Skylar looked out the window. She could see the entire New York City skyline from her room. When she'd first moved in here, Skylar had been thrilled. She couldn't imagine a better view, but now, four years later, Skylar felt empty looking at all the skyscrapers and city lights. She desperately missed England.

Finally, she heard the front door click shut and Skylar knew from the silence that Solomon was gone. Skylar glanced back at her closet door and took a deep breath. "It's now or never," she murmured as she walked forward and opened the door. Skylar bent down and took out the loose floorboard in the corner of the closet. She pulled out a brown chest and set it in her lap. She eyed the brown wooden chest for a moment before opening it.

Inside, there were several pictures and old newspaper clippings. Skylar took out the pictures and looked at them a moment. It was like looking at a Skylar from another lifetime ago. She was in her old Hogwarts uniform in most of them with Grace, Victoire, and Sienna. The four girls were standing in front of the castle. Sienna had her head tilted to the side and was beaming up at the camera, Grace was waving happily, Victoire was twirling her hair as she grinned at the camera, and Skylar kept striking different poses. Another picture was taken from when Skylar and Teddy were still dating. It was on a Hogsmeade weekend and Teddy had his arm wrapped around her. Skylar must have been fifteen. There was a picture of Skylar with her dad and sister. Another of her and Chris sitting at the edge of the lake, their feet dangling in the water.

Skylar swallowed and set the pictures aside. She flipped through the newspaper clippings. Headlines announcing Chris's accident, an article about Sienna going on tour with the Weird Sisters, a front page news clipping written about Chris's death, articles about Findley and Luke upon them joining the Chudley Cannons, articles about the death eaters, several articles about the death eaters' attacks on muggles and muggleborns.

Skylar also set those aside and peered in the box eagerly. Sitting at the bottom, beneath more pictures and newspaper clippings was her wand. This was what'd she'd been most nervous about. Skylar carefully took her wand out of the chest and fingered it. It'd been nearly four years since she'd last touched her wand. A warm sensation overtook her as she gripped her wand firmly, all her Hogwarts training suddenly coming back to her. She could feel the magic and power radiating off the wand.

"Godric, I've missed you, old friend," she told her wand, sounding slightly like a madwoman.



* * *



Teddy made his way into the office, his phone clamped to his ear. "Skylar, this is not part of the plan."

Sitting at his desk was Harry. He stared at Teddy his eyebrows raised. He held up his hand pointed to the watch on his wrist. "Time!" he mouthed.

Teddy nodded and spoke into the phone. "Skylar, just don't do anything until I tell you! Skylar! Skylar!" He looked at his phone. "She hung up on me!"

Harry got up. "Is she okay?"

Teddy sighed. "She wants to come out of hiding. Says she misses magic."

"Can you blame him? She's been in exile for four years."

"For her safety!" Teddy fumed. "These are dangerous times!"

An auror dashed into the office, panting. "Another muggle born attack. Death eaters found three that were in hiding and on the run in the woods!" He wheezed. "All three dead. We gotta go!"

Harry cursed loudly and took off running. Teddy followed.



* * *



Sienna followed her mother into the elevator. "Tomorrow morning, we've got another radio interview. Carey London."

"Lucille, at noon she's scheduled to have lunch with Davis," Milly, Lucille's assistant, added, scribbling something down on her clipboard.

Lucille nodded. "Make sure the restaurant is nice."

"I want to try that new crepe place everybody's been talking about," Sienna said with a small yawn.

Milly nodded. "We'll make reservations for you and Davis."

"Just make sure she makes it to the photoshoot and interview in time. I snagged her the cover of Hungary's Witch Weekly."

"Got it," Milly said, making more notes.

They reached their floor and stepped outside. "What's my room number again?" Sienna asked as Milly handed her the hotel keys.

"Nine fifteen," Milly replied. "We'll send someone to wake you up at eight tomorrow."

"Fantastic," Sienna muttered before taking the key and heading to her hotel room.

"Good night!" Lucille called after her before heading to her own room.

Sienna unlocked her door and stepped inside. Startled, she was surprised to not only find all the lights already on but Finn sitting on her couch, grinning up at her. He pointed to the radio sitting on the nightstand. "Heard your little radio interview. I didn't realize Davis was such a Chudley Cannons fan! I should give him an autograph."

Skylar gaped at him as she closed the door behind her. "What are you doing here?"

Finn shrugged. "The Wimbourne Wasps had to forfeit tomorrow's game. Some crazy fan sent them a cursed plant. Half the team's in the hospital getting treated for burns or something. So, I now I have a couple days off until the next game and I thought I'd come see my favorite girl."

Sienna beamed. "How long has it been?"

Finn thought about it. "A couple of months actually. Last time I saw you was back in February when we ran into each other at that Valentine's Day party. You were with Davis there, remember?"

Sienna nodded. "Ah, yes. The paparazzi were loads of fun that day."

Finn grinned slyly. "Is that all you remember about that party?"

"Oh, you're talking about what happened after the party?" Sienna tried not to grin.

"That was a fun night," he told her.

Sienna carefully climbed on top of his lap. "Is that why you're here?" she asked quietly.

"I just wanted to see you, S. I've missed you."

Sienna nodded. "I've missed you too." She leaned in and gave him a long kiss. Finn responded immediately and wrapped his arms around her waist. All these years later and still felt like his heart might burst every time Sienna kissed him.
